AUDITED CONSOLIDATED
AND SEPARATE ANNUAL
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

  FOR THE YEAR ENDED
         30 JUNE 2024
CONTENTS

The reports and statements set out below comprise the consolidated and separate annual financial statements presented
to the shareholders:

General information                                                             1

Audit committee report                                                          2

Certificate of the company secretary                                            3

Directors' report                                                               4

Chief Executive Officer and Chief financial officer's responsibility statement  10

Independent auditor's report                                                    11

Consolidated statement of financial position                                    17

Consolidated statement of comprehensive earnings                                18

Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                     20

Consolidated statement of cash flows                                            22

Accounting policies                                                             23

Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                  38

Separate statement of financial position                                        98

Separate statement of comprehensive earnings                                    99

Separate statement of changes in equity                                         100

Separate statement of cash flows                                                101

Notes to the separate financial statements                                      102

Independent Reporting Accountant's Report on pro forma information              111

Annexure 1 ­ Supplementary information                                          113
GENERAL INFORMATION

Country of incorporation and domicile  South Africa

Directors                              Mr Philip Hourquebie (Independent non-executive chairman)

                                       Mr Scott Cummins (Group    Appointed as director on 22
                                       chief executive officer)*  November 2023

                                       Mr Adrian Macartney (Group finance director and chief
                                       financial officer)

                                       Ms Bridgette Modise (Lead independent director)

                                       Mr Bradley Meyer*

                                       Mr David Noko

                                       Mr Sean Flanagan           Retired as Group chief executive
                                                                  officer with effect from 29
                                                                  February 2024

                                                                  Appointed as non-executive
                                                                  director with effect from 1
                                                                  March 2024

                                       Ms May Hermanus            Retired as independent non-
                                                                  executive director with effect
                                                                  from 17 July 2023

                                       Mr Michael Kilbride        Retired as independent non-
                                                                  executive director with effect
                                                                  from 17 July 2023

                                       Mr Nicholas Bowen*         Appointed as independent non-
                                                                  executive director with effect
                                                                  from 17 July 2023

                                        Mr Bradley Meyer, Mr Nicholas Bowen and Mr Scott Cummins are Australian.

Auditors                               KPMG Incorporated

Company Secretary                      Ms Edinah Mandizha

Company registration number            1944/018119/06
Level of assurance
Supervised by                          These consolidated and separate annual financial statements
                                       have been audited in compliance with the applicable
Address of registered office           requirements of the Companies Act 71 of 2008 (as amended)
Published                              of South Africa.

                                       The audited consolidated and separate annual financial
                                       statements were prepared by:

                                       Gregory Beevers CA(SA)
                                       under the supervision of:
                                       Adrian Macartney CA(SA), Group finance director and chief
                                       financial officer

                                       2 Merlin Rose Avenue
                                       Parkhaven
                                       Boksburg
                                       1459
                                       South Africa

                                       19 August 2024

                                       Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 1
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

Performance of duties
The audit committee has been constituted in accordance with applicable legislation and regulations. The audit committee
members are all independent non-executive directors of Aveng Limited. Four scheduled audit committee meetings were held
during the year, at which the members fulfilled their functions as prescribed by the Companies Act 71 of 2008 (as amended)
of South Africa. The audit committee confirms that it is satisfied with the independence of its external auditor, KPMG
Incorporated.

Evaluation of the finance director
In accordance with the Johannesburg Stock Exchange Limited (JSE) Listings Requirements, the audit committee is required to
consider the appropriateness of the expertise and experience of the Group finance director. In respect of this requirement and
for the year under review, the audit committee is satisfied that Mr Adrian Macartney, the Group finance director, possesses
the appropriate expertise and experience to fulfil his responsibilities in that position.

Evaluation of the financial reporting procedures
In accordance with the Johannesburg Stock Exchange Limited (JSE) Listings Requirements, the audit committee is required to
ensure that the Group has established appropriate financial reporting procedures and that those procedures are operating. In
respect of this requirement and for the year under review, the audit committee is satisfied that the Group's established
financial reporting procedures are operating appropriately.

Statement on internal financial controls
Based on information from and discussions with management and the Group internal audit function, the audit committee
confirms that it has no reason to believe that there were any material breakdowns in the design or operating effectiveness of
internal financial controls during the financial year under review which have not been addressed or are not in the process of
being addressed. The financial records can therefore be relied on for preparation of the consolidated annual financial
statements.

Liquidity and going concern
As included in the directors' report, and further detailed in note 1: Presentation of consolidated financial statements to the
financial statements, in determining the appropriate basis of preparation of the financial statements, the directors are required
to consider whether the Group can continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. The directors have considered
the agreements reached and transactions concluded post the year end, the actions taken by the Group, the financial plans and
forecast, including all available information, and are of the opinion that the going concern assumption is appropriate in the
preparation of the financial statements.
The audit committee has interrogated the key assumptions used in determining the cash flow forecasts used in the going
concern assessment, the operating cash flows of its businesses and other initiatives already embarked on by the Group. The
audit committee was satisfied that the assumptions are supportable. The audit committee was further satisfied with the post
year end events, going concern and liquidity disclosures in the directors' report and with the notes to the financial statements.
Statement on internal control and risk management
The risk management processes provide the basis for identifying, evaluating, mitigating and monitoring potential risks
throughout the Group. Management is primarily responsible for implementing and executing appropriate controls to mitigate
risks and ensure that the internal financial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the annual
financial statements. The internal audit function reviews the effectiveness of the overall internal control environment and
makes recommendations to management and the audit committee on any deficiencies in design and operational effectiveness
of the internal financial controls. The board has concluded, based on the recommendations of the audit committee and their
own understanding, that there is no reason to believe that there were any material internal financial control shortcomings
during the current financial year that have not been addressed or are in the process of being addressed.

Bridgette Modise
Chair of audit committee

19 August 2024

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 2
CERTIFICATE OF THE COMPANY SECRETARY

I, the undersigned, Edinah Mandizha, in my capacity as company secretary, certify that:
  the Company has lodged with the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission all such returns as are required of a

      public company in terms of the Companies Act 71 of 2008 (as amended) of South Africa; and
  all such returns are true, correct and up to date.

 Edinah Mandizha
 Company Secretary
 19 August 2024

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 3
DIRECTORS' REPORT

  The directors submit their report for the year ended 30 June 2024.

  Review of activities
  Nature of business
  The consolidated annual financial statements (results) comprise the financial results of Aveng Limited and its subsidiaries
  (the Group) at 30 June 2024. Aveng Limited (the Company) is a South African registered and listed company, included in the
  Construction and Materials ­ Heavy Construction sector of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) (Listing reference: AEG)
  with interests in construction and contract mining.

  Aveng has segmented its existing businesses under three strong operating brands which make up three distinct segments.
  The Infrastructure segment, which comprises McConnell Dowell, operates in three geographical regions ­ Australia, New
  Zealand & Pacific Islands and Southeast Asia; the Building segment, which comprises Built Environs, operating in Australia
  and New Zealand and the Mining segment which comprises Moolmans.

  Group financial results
  Aveng increased revenue from continuing operations by 27% to A$3.1 billion (R37.5 billion) (June 2023: A$2.4 billion (R28.9
  billion)), with a corresponding improvement of over 100% in its operating earnings before capital items to A$34.5 million
  (R424 million) (June 2023: A$86.8 million loss (R1.1 billion loss)).

  The Group produced gross earnings of A$175.6 million at a gross margin of 5.7% (June 2023: A$38.8 million at a gross margin
  of 1.6%), an increase of over 100% as compared to the prior year. Included in the gross earnings in the prior year is the impact
  of the Batangas LNG Terminal Project ("BLNG project") loss of A$104 million. Excluding this loss, the Group recorded gross
  earnings of A$142.8 million in the prior year. The Group continues to be impacted by the effects of hyper-escalation on
  projects awarded pre-COVID. The impact has largely been ameliorated by way of various strategies adopted to address this
  potential risk. The embedded margin in work in hand is expected to improve as these projects are concluded.

  Aveng reported improved headline earnings of A$38.0 million (R466 million) or A$29.6 cents (364 cents (Rands)) per share
  (2023: A$77.7 million loss (R950 million) or A$61.6 cents loss (753 cents (Rands)) per share)).

  Earnings for the year attributable to equity holders of the parent amounted to A$25.7 million (R315 million) or A$20.0 cents
  (245 cents (Rands)) per share (2023: A$104.0 million loss (R1.1 billion loss) or A$82.4 cents (1 017 cents (Rands)) loss per
  share).

  Reported earnings for the year are A$25.7 million (R315 million) (2023: A$104.0 million (R1.1 billion)) while normalised
  earnings increased from a loss of A$82.7 million (R1 billion loss) in the prior comparative year to A$25.3 million (R310 million)
  earnings.

  Overall trading performance
  Infrastructure
  McConnell Dowell has built a reputation as being a highly skilled, engineering-led contractor in its area of operation. The
  Infrastructure segment achieved a 23% growth in revenue to A$2.4 billion (2023: A$2.0 billion), mainly attributable to
  revenue growth in its business units in Australia and New Zealand & Pacific Islands. The business continues to focus on
  specialised projects in Australia, New Zealand & Pacific Islands, and Southeast Asia, offering engineering and infrastructure
  solutions in the transport, water & wastewater, ports & coastal, energy and resources sectors.

  McConnell Dowell's Australian business unit achieved a 24% increase in revenue to A$2.0 billion (2023: A$1.6 billion),
  however, recorded lower comparable operating earnings of A$45 million (2023: A$60 million). Historical cost escalation has
  contributed to lower margins on some key projects awarded pre-COVID. Cost escalation on certain alliance contracts
  translated into additional revenue at zero margin. Despite a decline in new work secured and a reduction in expected
  revenues, the margin for the project portfolio overall is projected to improve. New projects to the value of A$1.2 billion were
  won in the year. The business unit continues to focus on quality projects which will enhance the consistency of operational
  margins.

  Work in hand fell to A$1.6 billion (2023: A$2.4 billion) as a result of a slowdown in infrastructure awards, which is expected
  to continue into FY25, primarily due to the effects of cost escalations on our client's available budgets.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 4
DIRECTORS' REPORT

  Review of activities continued
  Overall trading performance continued
  Infrastructure continued
  The New Zealand & Pacific Islands business unit reported a 17% increase in revenue to A$305 million, and consistent
  operational excellence resulted in a 29% increase in operating earnings to A$22 million compared to the prior year. This
  marks consecutive years of above plan performance. The positive results are aligned with the continued strategy, supported
  by robust performance in the water & wastewater and ports & coastal sectors.

  Work in hand fell in the year to A$339 million (2023: A$434 million). New project awards and changes to existing projects to
  the value of A$209 million were won in the year.

  The Southeast Asia business unit curtailed the substantial operating losses in the year ended 30 June 2023 (A$129 million
  loss), primarily from the BLNG contract, reporting an operating loss of A$6.3 million for the year ended 30 June 2024, which
  aligned with plan. The BLNG project contract is now practically complete, with no further losses anticipated.

  The resumption of tendering activities, halted during the peak of COVID, has secured A$226 million of new work in the year.
  The business unit's strategy focuses on leveraging specific disciplines with the appropriate capabilities, strategically located
  to align with chosen clients.

  Building
  Aveng's commercial building business unit, Built Environs, reported an 83% increase in revenue to A$419 million as compared
  to A$229 million reported in the prior year ended 30 June 2023, aligning with its growth agenda and allowing it to operate at
  scale across its three regions. Operating earnings of A$8.6 million, as a result of good project execution on key projects, is
  A$8.5 million higher than the prior year. The business unit has achieved scale and credibility, with margins in line with industry
  peers.

  Work in hand reduced by A$121 million from the reported highest historical value of A$564 million at 30 June 2023, however
  the business unit continues to pursue selective projects, with a specific focus on the healthcare, recreation, and education
  sectors, as well as opportunities to collaborate with Infrastructure segment clients.

  Mining
  Moolmans is a tier-one contract mining business offering specialised services to the open-cast mining industry. Moolmans
  operates primarily in South Africa where continued challenges relating to road and rail infrastructure, ports, electricity and
  logistical challenges continue to impact our clients' operational plans. Moolmans has extensive experience in the SADC and
  West African regions and will utilise this experience in seeking opportunities to diversify its operations.

  Under new executive management and a corresponding consolidation and reset of operational strategy, the business unit
  achieved a 14% increase in revenue to R3.3 billion (A$269 million) for the year ended 30 June 2024 (June 2023: R2.9 billion
  (A$242 million)) despite two contracts scaling down during the year. Moolmans reported marginal operating earnings of
  A$2.0 million (R24.5 million) (June 2023: A$9.6 million loss (R110 million loss)). Operating margins remain under pressure,
  despite delivering improved volumes on the Tshipi contract.

  New work of R689 million was won in the year and work in hand fell to R5.4 billion (2023: R8.0 billion). Management remains
  focused on opportunities to improve volumes and profitability and through extension of contracts with existing clients.

  The active fleet management strategy uses short-term rentals to support specific capacity requirements on projects.
  Redundant assets to the value of R163 million (A$13.7 million) have been disposed of in the current year, while assets to the
  value of R88 million (A$7.8 million) have been impaired.

  Aveng Legacy
  The Group continues to actively manage the remaining legacy matters and to complete the significant task of closing out non-
  core asset disposals and ensuring that the Group complies with all statutory, legal, technical, commercial, and human
  resources obligations. This primarily relates to Aveng Africa Proprietary Limited. The business unit recorded an operating loss
  of R61 million (A$5.0 million) (June 2023: R59 million (A$4.9 million)) and cash outflow of R115 million (A$9.4 million) (June
  2023: R68 million (A$5.6 million)). The South African performance guarantee exposure decreased to R66 million (A$5.4
  million) compared to R82 million (A$6.6 million) in the prior year. Subsequent to year end, the performance guarantee
  exposure further reduced to R50 million. Risk has been reduced in the year, with lower guarantee exposures, closing out of
  project related liabilities, contractual disputes and claims.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 5
DIRECTORS' REPORT

  Review of activities continued

  Normalised performance measures
  In evaluating Company performance, the Board excludes the effects of specific non-recurring items relating to the capital
  gains and losses associated with non-core assets, IFRS 5 adjustments and adjustments in respect of non-core assets.
  Normalised performance measures are used by management to assess the underlying sustainable performance of the Group
  and do not replace the measures determined in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standard as an indicator of the Group's
  performance, but rather should be used in conjunction with the most directly comparable IFRS Accounting Standard
  measures. Normalised earnings of A$25.0 million (June 2023: A$82.7 million earnings) was recorded. Refer to note 6:
  Segmental report for further details.

  Balance sheet
  Aveng strengthened its balance sheet through improved profitability, strong cash generation and the repayment of debt.
  The Group closed with a cash balance of A$227.7 million (June 2023: A$189.7 million) after settling the A$23 million term
  debt facility during the year. The Group's debt comprises asset-backed finance and lease liabilities associated with
  equipment.

  The Group closed the year with an improved net cash position of A$173.7 million (R2.1 billion) (30 June 2023: A$108.4 million
  (R1.4 billion).

  McConnell Dowell has project guarantee facilities in support of its current and projected revenue. Project guarantee facilities
  amount to A$535.7 million.

  Capital expenditure
  The Group incurred replacement capital expenditure of A$69.7 million (2023: A$62.7 million) and expansionary capital
  expenditure of A$7.1 million (2023: A$48.9 million). The majority of the amount was spent as follows:

   · A$26.7 million in the Infrastructure segment, relating mainly to the capitalisation of the strategic jack-up barge with the
        balance on specific projects across the business units; and

   · A$35.1 million (R426 million) in the Mining segment, primarily in new capital expenditure of A$7.8 million (R93 million)
        for the Tshipi project, replacement capital expenditure of A$0.6 million (R7 million) and components on the existing fleet
        of A$26.7 million (R326 million).

  Liquidity, solvency, ongoing funding, and going concern
  The Group has cash of A$227.7 million (30 June 2023: A$189.7 million) on 30 June 2024, of which A$76.5 million (30 June
  2023: A$79.4 million) is held in joint arrangements. Unutilised facilities amounted to A$10 million (R121 million).

  The Group has a net cash position of A$173.7 million, excluding IFRS 16, after taking into account positive cash on hand of
  A$189.7 million and debt of A$54.0 million.

  The Group continues to actively manage the liquidity and cash flow in two distinct liquidity pools, namely the Australian and
  the South African liquidity pool. The debt of A$54.0 million is made up of asset-backed financing at Moolmans with a
  remaining term of 33 months. The A$23 million term loan at McConnell Dowell was fully repaid by 30 June 2024. The South
  African liquidity pool remains tightly managed.

  Subsequent to year end the Group negotiated and signed a term sheet for a new asset backed debt facility of A$15.5 million.
  The facility to McConnell Dowell Corporation Limited will include the provision of security over specific assets. Refer to note:
  48 Events after the reporting period.

  Management updated the forecast up to the 2026 financial year end, as well as preparing cash flow forecasts covering a
  minimum of 12 months from the date of these audited consolidated annual financial statements. These forecasts have been
  prepared and reviewed by management to ensure that they have been accurately compiled using appropriate assumptions.
  The budgets, plans and forecasts have, together with the assumptions used, been interrogated, and approved by the Board.

  The Group's current assets of A$817.3 million exceeded its current liabilities of A$805.4 million at 30 June 2024.
  The Company's current assets of R232 million exceeded its current liabilities of R109 million at 30 June 2024.

  The forecasts indicate that the Group will have sufficient cash resources for the foreseeable future. All businesses are
  expected to perform in line with business plans and are therefore expected to generate sufficient cash to meet their
  obligations.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 6
DIRECTORS' REPORT

  Liquidity, solvency, ongoing funding, and going concern continued

  The directors have considered all of the above up to the date of approval of these financial statements, including detailed
  consideration of the current position of all businesses, all business plans and forecasts, including all available information,
  and are therefore of the opinion that the going concern assumption is appropriate in the preparation of the Group and
  Company financial statements, and that sufficient liquidity will be available to support the ongoing operations of the Group,
  and that the realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities, including contingent liabilities and commitments, will occur
  in the ordinary course of business.

  For further information on all of the disclosures included above, refer to note 5: Going concern and note 48: Events after the
  reporting period in the financial statements.

  Events after the reporting period
  In addition to the items discussed under liquidity and solvency, refer to note 48: Events after the reporting period.

  Directors
  Aveng announced planned changes to the executive management on 22 November 2023. Succession planning for key
  leadership roles within the Company have been considered by the Remuneration and Nomination committee and the Board
  over the course of the last 18 months as the Company has transitioned through its restructuring to a smaller, focused and
  more sustainably profitable, engineering-led, infrastructure, building and mining contractor. In turn, Sean Flanagan, elected
  to retire as Group Chief Executive Officer with effect from 1 March 2024, paving the way for Scott Cummins, the current Chief
  Executive Officer of McConnell Dowell to assume the role from this date. Sean remains on the Board as a non-executive
  director.

  The leadership transition and organisational structure change have been completed and implemented. The team provides a
  strong matrix structure consolidating and simplifying the historical South African and Australian corporate layers, to leverage
  the collective expertise across the entire Group.

  Key leadership appointments were made within the businesses during the year, with McConnell Dowell appointing Mario
  Russo as the new managing director of the Australian infrastructure business unit and Moolmans appointing Rod Dixon as
  managing director. In the Southeast Asian business unit, a localisation strategy has been successful in appointing key
  individuals from within the region to lead the business unit into the future.

  The following appointments were made to the Board of directors:
  · Mr. Nicholas Bowen ­ appointed as an independent non-executive director effective 17 July 2023
  · Mr. Scott Cummins ­ appointed as executive director effective 22 November 2023

  The following resignations from the Board of directors were received in the current year:
  · Ms. May Hermanus ­ retired as an independent non-executive director effective 17 July 2023
  · Mr. Michael Kilbride ­ retired as an independent non-executive director effective 17 July 2023

  Details of the directors' remuneration and interests are set out in note 45. Directors' emoluments and interests of the
  consolidated annual financial statements.

  One of the key principles in King IV is the establishment of a unitary Board which reflects a balance of power. In order to
  ensure that no one individual, or group of individuals yield unfettered power on the Board, King IV proposes the appointment
  of independent non-executive directors. It should be noted upfront that all directors, regardless of the classification as an
  executive, non-executive, or independent non-executive director, require the application of an independent state of mind
  and objective judgement.

  In essence, all directors are required to act in the best interests of the Company at all times and this can only be achieved if
  directors set aside their personal interests.

  Stated capital
  Details pertaining to the authorised and issued share capital of the Company at 30 June 2024 are contained in note 18: Stated
  Capital of the consolidated annual financial statements.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 7
DIRECTORS' REPORT

  Strategic review
  As announced on 12 August 2024, Aveng has been conducting a detailed review of the corporate strategy for the Group with
  the objective of enhancing stakeholder value and maximising value to shareholders.

  The review has concluded that Aveng's two operating businesses (McConnell Dowell and Moolmans) have distinctly different
  business characteristics and value propositions and as a result should pursue independent and separate operating and growth
  strategies. This will assist each business to independently access appropriate pools of capital to better support their
  investment requirements. Aveng therefore intends to pursue, through a combination of transactions, the creation of two
  independent and separate entities:

   · McConnell Dowell (including Built Environs): a leading engineering-led construction and building contractor delivering
        infrastructure across a diverse range of end markets; and

   · Aveng Limited: which holds Moolmans, a tier 1 contract mining business operating in sub-Saharan Africa.

  The Board is mindful of its commitments to all stakeholders through this process and intends to support and enhance the
  prospects of both entities for the benefit of all stakeholders, including clients, suppliers and employees, by enabling the two
  entities to access the most attractive capital to pursue their separate strategies. In the case of McConnell Dowell, this will
  involve exploring a potential listing on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE). In
  the case of Moolmans this will involve exploring alternative ownership options and potentially introducing BBBEE capital.

  Aveng has appointed advisers, including Macquarie Capital, to assist with the implementation process.

  Auditors
  KPMG Incorporated (KPMG) continued in office as the external auditor of the Group. Shareholders will be requested to
  appoint KPMG as the Group's external auditors for the 2025 financial year at the next AGM.

  Shareholders
  The following information is available on 20 August 2024 on the Group's website:
  · Shareholders' diary.

  Directors' responsibility relating to the consolidated and separate annual financial statements
  The directors of the Company are responsible for maintaining adequate accounting records and are responsible for the
  content and integrity of the consolidated annual financial statements and related financial information included in this report.
  It is their responsibility to ensure that the consolidated annual financial statements fairly present the state of affairs of the
  Group and Company as at the end of the financial year and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year ended 30
  June 2024.

  After due, careful and proper consideration, the directors acknowledge that the audited consolidated annual financial
  statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS Accounting Standards)
  of the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), the IFRIC interpretations as issued by the International Financial
  Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC), the South African Institute of Chartered Accountants (SAICA) Financial Reporting
  Guides as issued by the Accounting Practices Committee (APC), the Financial Reporting Pronouncements as issued by the
  Financial Reporting Standards Council, the requirements of the Companies Act 71 of 2008 (as amended) of South Africa, and
  the Listings Requirements of the JSE Limited.

  The directors acknowledge that they are responsible for the system of internal financial control established by the Group and
  Company and place considerable importance on maintaining a strong control environment. These controls are designed to
  provide reasonable, but not absolute assurance, as to the reliability of financial records and the consolidated annual financial
  statements, to adequately safeguard, verify and maintain accountability of assets and to prevent and detect material
  misstatements and losses. To enable the directors to meet these responsibilities, the Board of directors sets standards for
  internal control aimed at reducing the risk of error or loss in a cost-effective manner. The standards include the proper
  delegation of responsibilities within a clearly defined framework; effective accounting procedures; and adequate segregation
  of duties which are required to maintain the highest ethical standards in ensuring the Group's business is conducted in a
  manner that in all reasonable circumstances is above reproach.

  The focus of risk management in the Group is on identifying, assessing, managing and monitoring all known forms of risk
  across the Group. While operating risk cannot be fully eliminated, the Group endeavours to minimise it by ensuring that
  appropriate infrastructure, controls, systems and ethical behaviour are applied and managed within predetermined
  procedures and constraints.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 8
DIRECTORS' REPORT

  Changes in management
  The Board of directors have reviewed the Group's cash flow forecast up to the year ending 30 June 2026 and in light of this
  review and the current financial position, is satisfied that the Group has access to adequate resources to continue in
  operational existence for the foreseeable future and accordingly the consolidated annual financial statements are prepared
  on a going concern basis.

  The external auditor is responsible for reporting on the Group's and Company's consolidated annual consolidated and
  separate financial statements. Its unmodified report to the shareholders of the Group and Company is set out on pages 17
  110.

  Approval of consolidated and separate annual financial statements
  The consolidated and separate annual financial statements of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2024 set out on pages
  17 to 110, which have been prepared on the going concern basis, were approved by the Board of directors on 19 August 2024
  and were signed on its behalf by:

Scott Cummins                  Adrian Macartney

Group chief executive officer  Group finance director and chief financial officer
Authorised Director            Authorised Director

                               Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 9
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL

OFFICER'S RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

In line with paragraph 3.84(k) of the JSE Limited (JSE) Listings Requirements, the Group chief executive officer and Group
finance director hereby confirm that:

     · the annual financial statements set out on pages 17 to 110, fairly present in all material respects the financial
          position, financial performance and cash flows of the issuer in terms of IFRS Accounting Standards;

     · to the best of our knowledge and belief, no facts have been omitted, or untrue statements made that would make
          the annual financial statements false or misleading;

     · internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to the issuer and its
          consolidated subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the annual financial statements of the issuer;

     · the internal financial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the annual financial
          statements, having fulfilled our role and function as executive directors with primary responsibility for
          implementation and execution of controls;

     · where we are not satisfied, we have disclosed to the audit committee and the auditors any deficiencies in design
          and operational effectiveness of the internal financial controls, and have remediated the deficiencies; and

     · we are not aware of any fraud involving the directors.

Scott Cummins                  Adrian Macartney
Group chief executive officer  Group finance director and chief financial officer
19 August 2024                 19 August 2024

                               Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 10
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the shareholders of Aveng Limited

Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated and separate financial statements of Aveng Limited (the Group and Company) set out on
pages 17 to 110 which comprise the consolidated and separate statements of financial position as at 30 June 2024, the
consolidated and separate statements of comprehensive earnings, consolidated and separate statements of changes in
equity and the consolidated and separate statements of cash flows for the year then ended, material accounting policies and
notes to the consolidated and separate annual financial statements, excluding Annexure 1, the supplementary financial
information denominated in the South African Rand (ZAR) and material accounting policy 1.3.

In our opinion, the consolidated and separate financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
and separate financial position of Aveng Limited as at 30 June 2024, and its consolidated and separate financial performance
and consolidated and separate cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS Accounting Standards) and the requirements of the Companies Act of
South Africa.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group and Company in accordance with the Independent
Regulatory Board for Auditors' Code of Professional Conduct for Registered Auditors (IRBA Code) and other independence
requirements applicable to performing audits of financial statements in South Africa. We have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the IRBA Code and in accordance with other ethical requirements applicable to
performing audits in South Africa. The IRBA Code is consistent with the corresponding sections of the International Ethics
Standards Board for Accountants' International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International
Independence Standards). We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.

 Estimation uncertainty involved in accounting for revenue and costs from contracts with customers
 Refer to material accounting policy note 2.11, material accounting judgements and estimates note 3.1.4 and note 27 to
 the consolidated financial statements.

Key audit matter                               How the matter was addressed in our audit

The infrastructure, building and mining        We performed the following procedures to address this key audit
segments of the Group are characterised by     matter:
contract risk with significant judgements
involved in the assessment of the anticipated  We selected a sample of contracts based on value and various risk
final contract outcomes.                       factors including:

Management uses a high degree of estimation           · significant loss-making contracts
and judgement in their assessment of the              · contracts with significant claims
recognition of revenue based on performance           · contracts with uncertain outcomes
of the contract or milestones achieved
resulting from:                                For the contracts selected, our procedures included the following:
                                                      · we inquired about the status of the selected contracts with

                                               Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2023     00 11
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the shareholders of Aveng Limited

 Estimation uncertainty involved in accounting for revenue and costs from contracts with customers
 Refer to material accounting policy note 2.11, material accounting judgements and estimates note 3.1.4 and note 27 to
 the consolidated financial statements.

Key audit matter                               How the matter was addressed in our audit

       · status of the project in the                      senior management, finance and technical management,
            satisfaction of the performance                project and engineering management to consider and
            obligation;                                    evaluate the risks and judgements applied by management
                                                           to determine the progress of performance obligations.
       · estimation of total contract revenue         · we performed site visits to gain and confirm our
            and total contract costs;                      understanding of the contracts including the status and
                                                           progress.
       · contract variations and claims; and
                                               We evaluated whether:
       · the ability to deliver contracts         · the expected total revenue reconciled to signed contracts and
            within the requirements of each             variation orders.
            contract.                                the costs included in work in progress were accurate.
                                                     variation orders and claims were appropriately recognised when
The measurement of contract revenue and              determining the valuation of contract assets and the resulting
costs includes elements of uncertainty tha·t         financial impact on the contracts.
will depend on the outcome of future event·s.       · we recalculated the revenue per contract based on the input
Changes in any of the significant judgements             method, where applicable. We agreed the adjustments
may result in a material variance in the                 between certified progress revenue and revenue recognised
amount of profit or loss recognised from                 to the amounts due to/from contract customers.
individual contracts.                               · where revenue is calculated on the output method, we have
                                                         evaluated signed customer certificates in respect of
The estimates and judgements made by the                 percentage of completion and provisional revenue
directors in respect of contract revenue and             calculations supported by technical measurements.
contract costs can have a material impact on
the consolidated financial statements and
accordingly the estimation uncertainty
involved in accounting for revenue and costs
from contracts with customers is considered a
key audit matter in the audit of the
consolidated financial statements.

                                               For revenue in respect of variable considerations, including claims and
                                               variation orders:

                                                    · we inspected supporting documents to verify that the
                                                         revenue was only recognised when the requirements of IFRS
                                                         15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers and the Group's
                                                         accounting policy have been met, namely when it is highly
                                                         probable that no significant reversal of revenue will take
                                                         place in a subsequent period.

                                                    · where applicable, we inspected correspondence with
                                                         customers concerning variation orders and claims and
                                                         obtained third-party assessments from legal counsel
                                                         contracted by the Group, to assess whether the information
                                                         was consistent with the estimates made by management.

                                                    · for high risk and loss-making contracts, we included our
                                                         engineering specialists to consider the completeness of the
                                                         forecasted costs to completion and the judgements made to

                                               Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2023        00 12
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the shareholders of Aveng Limited

 Estimation uncertainty involved in accounting for revenue and costs from contracts with customers
 Refer to material accounting policy note 2.11, material accounting judgements and estimates note 3.1.4 and note 27 to
 the consolidated financial statements.

Key audit matter                                 How the matter was addressed in our audit
                                                           estimate the potential risks and opportunities on each
                                                           contract. The specialist attended site visits, discussed the
                                                           status of the projects with project directors and managers
                                                           and assessed the negotiations on additional claims with the
                                                           client.

                                                 · we undertook inquiries with internal and external legal
                                                      counsel, financial staff and directors in respect of ongoing
                                                      claims and proceedings on contractual disputes to determine
                                                      the probability of an unfavorable outcome.

                                                            We also considered the adequacy and appropriateness of the Revenue
                                                            disclosure in the Group and Company's financial statements in
                                                            accordance with IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

Liquidity and going concern
Refer to note 5, going concern and liquidity, to the consolidated and separate financial statements.

Key audit matter                                 How the matter was addressed in our audit

The Group and Company continue to actively       To address the key audit matter, we performed the following audit
manage the liquidity and cash flow of two        procedures:
distinct liquidity pools, namely the Australian
liquidity pool and the South African liquidity   Our team included senior audit team members, who understand the
pool.                                            Company and Group's funding requirements, the Group's business,
                                                 industry and the economic environment in which it operates in and we:
The South African liquidity pool continues to
be tightly managed.                                     · critically evaluated management's going concern
                                                             assessment, focusing on the short-term liquidity
There is judgement involved in forecasting                   requirements and whether the assessment includes all
liquidity requirements covering a minimum of                 relevant information that has come to our attention during
twelve months from the date of approval of                   the audit.
these consolidated and separate financial
statements. The assessment made by                      · evaluated the Group's appropriateness of the forecasted
management included evaluating available                     results against historic performance and profitability.
cash resources, facilities and operating cash
flows.                                           We have assessed the available cash facilities and future operating cash
                                                 flows of the Group through:
Furthermore, because of the effort required
from the audit team to evaluate managements             · evaluating whether substantially all budgeted revenue is
judgement on, liquidity it has been identified               secured at projected positive margins for at least the next
as a key audit matter in the audit of the                    twelve months from the date of this report;
consolidated and separate financial
statements.                                             · stress tested managements assumptions, covering a

                                                 minimum of twelve months from the date of these

                                                 consolidated and separate financial statements, by

                                                 performing a sensitivity analysis in respect of the operating

                                                 cash flow forecasts and assessed the reasonableness of the

                                                 key assumptions and the related analyses performed by

                                                 Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2023              00 13
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the shareholders of Aveng Limited

 Liquidity and going concern
 Refer to note 5, going concern and liquidity, to the consolidated and separate financial statements.

Key audit matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit

                              management.
                         · evaluating the forecast cash balances prepared by

                              management to ensure sufficient headroom is available to
                              meet short term liquidity levels including complying with
                              debt covenants.
                         · evaluating managements group risk report and the formal
                              disputes report to assess the possible impact thereon on
                              projected cash flows.
                         · evaluating the Group's continuing ability to generate a
                              substantial cash balance and a positive working capital
                              position on the contract portfolio.
                         · evaluating the continuing ability to raise bonding
                              facilities/project guarantees for existing and future contracts
                              and whether there are sufficient facilities for future work.
                         · evaluated the extent and timing of new financing facilities.
                              Furthermore, we have evaluated and assessed events
                              subsequent to the year-end and up to the date of this report
                              that would impact the available cash resources, facilities and
                              operating cash flows.
                  We also considered the adequacy and appropriateness of the
                  disclosures in respect of going concern in the consolidated and separate
                  financial statements in accordance with IAS 1, Presentation of financial
                  statements.

Other information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
document titled "Aveng Limited audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements for the year ended 30 June
2024", which includes the Directors' Report, the Audit Committee Report and Certificate of the Company Secretary as
required by the Companies Act of South Africa which we obtained prior to the date of this report and the Integrated Report,
which is expected to be made available to us after that date. The other information does not include the consolidated and
separate financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and
will not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated and
separate financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed on the other information obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.

                  Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2023                    00 14
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the shareholders of Aveng Limited

Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated and separate financial statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated and separate financial statements
in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS Accounting
Standards) and the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated and separate financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group and
Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group and/or Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and separate financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated and separate financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

       · Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and separate financial statements,
            whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
            evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
            misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
            intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

       · Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
            appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
            Group's and Company's internal control.

       · Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
            related disclosures made by the directors.

       · Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the
            audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
            significant doubt on the Group and Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
            uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the
            consolidated and separate financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
            conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events
            or conditions may cause the Group and/or Company to cease to continue as a going concern.

       · Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated and separate financial statements,
            including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated and separate financial statements represent the underlying
            transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

       · Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
            within the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
            direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2023  00 15
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the shareholders of Aveng Limited

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
In terms of the IRBA Rule published in Government Gazette Number 39475 dated 4 December 2015, we report that KPMG
Inc. has been the auditor of Aveng Limited for three years.

  KPMG Inc.
  Per FHC von Eckardstein
  Chartered Accountant (SA)
  Registered Auditor
  Director

  19 August 2024

  KPMG Crescent
  85 Empire Road
  Parktown
  Johannesburg
  2193

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2023  00 16
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

as at 30 June 2024

ASSETS                                              Notes     2024    Restated*   Restated*
Non-current assets                                          A$'000          2023       1 July
Goodwill arising on consolidation                     9                                 2022
Property, plant and equipment                         7       7 929      A$'000
                                                           235 688                   A$'000
                                                                           7 929
                                                                        236 556        8 873
                                                                                    219 965

Right-of-use assets                                 8      58 534     38 946      53 771

Infrastructure investments                          10     11 658     11 319      12 600

Deferred taxation                                   11     105 274    80 164      65 484
Lease receivables
Other non-current assets                            15     23 950     31 913      6 477

                                                           2 343      1 573       1 420

                                                           445 376    408 400     368 590

Current assets                                      14     20 539     20 875      91 216
Inventories
                                                    12     530 533    422 407     321 739
Contract assets

Trade and other receivables                         13     30 498     34 073      74 267

Taxation receivable                                 41     -          2 164       5 324
Lease receivables
Cash and bank balances                              15     8 047      6 459                                                   799

                                                    16     227 678    189 667     232 209

                                                           817 295    675 645     725 554

Assets Held for Sale                                17     -          4 683       12 777

TOTAL ASSETS                                               1 262 671  1 088 728   1 106 921

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity

Stated capital                                      18     546 930    544 665     542 114

Other reserves                                             (951 542)  (954 268)   (976 943)

Retained earnings                                          686 275    660 622     764 511

Equity attributable to equity-holders of parent            281 663    251 019     329 682
Non-controlling interest                                        295        317         398

TOTAL EQUITY                                               281 958    251 336     330 080

LIABILITIES

Non-current liabilities

Deferred taxation                                   11     23 834     17 390      10 736

External borrowings and other liabilities           19     34 936     40 161      20 319

Lease liabilities                                   20     72 027     68 106      68 589

Provisions                                          22     4 273      6 831       8 341
Employee-related payables
                                                    23     40 268     35 582      33 452

                                                           175 338    168 070     141 437

Current liabilities                                 12     214 957    172 475     150 754
Contract liabilities
                                                    19     19 090     41 108      22 360
External borrowings and other liabilities
                                                    20     31 477     23 886      23 602
Lease liabilities
Employee-related payables                           23     33 607     22 613      28 217

Trade and other payables                            21     467 526    375 739     368 146

Provisions                                          22     32 997     33 501      40 018

Taxation payable                                    41     5 721      -                                                       887

                                                           805 375    669 322     633 984

Liabilities Held for Sale                           17     -          -           1 420
TOTAL LIABILITIES
                                                           980 713    837 392     776 841

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                               1 262 671  1 088 728   1 106 921

 Restated due to the change in presentation currency from ZAR to A$. Refer to note: 2.25 Change in Group accounting policies for further detail. Refer

to annexure 1 on pages 113 to 114 for ZAR figures.

                                                           Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                            00 17
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS

for the year ended 30 June 2024

Continuing operations                                                   Notes         2024      Restated*
Revenue                                                                   27                          2023
Cost of sales                                                             28        A$'000
                                                                          29                        A$'000
Gross earnings                                                            30    3 055 356
Other earnings                                                                 (2 879 793)      2 405 427
Operating expenses                                                        31                   (2 366 588)
Loss from equity-accounted investments                                             175 563
                                                                          33          5 930         38 839
Operating earnings / (loss) before capital items**                        34                          9 006
Capital (expenses) / earnings                                                    (146 913)
                                                                          35          (102)      (134 457)
Operating earnings / (loss) after capital items                                                       (180)
Finance earnings                                                          32        34 478
Finance expenses                                                                    (7 305)       (86 792)
                                                                                    27 173              681
Earnings / (loss) before taxation                                                   11 579
Taxation                                                                          (22 669)        (86 111)
                                                                                    16 083            6 638
Earnings / (loss) from continuing operations
Discontinued operations                                                               9 657       (16 973)
(Loss) / earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxation                     25 740        (96 446)
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations reclassified to
                                                                                            -         4 681
earnings or loss on derecognition                                                                 (91 765)
Gain disposal of assets Held for Sale and fair value adjustment                            6
                                                                                                    10 205
Loss from discontinued operations                                                       (86)
Earnings / (loss) for the year                                                          (80)      (35 761)
Other comprehensive earnings                                                        25 660
Other comprehensive earnings to be reclassified to earnings or loss in                              13 350
                                                                                                  (12 206)
                                                                                                 (103 971)

subsequent periods (net of taxation):

Exchange differences on translating foreign operations reclassified to         -               35 761
earnings or loss on derecognition

Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                         3 267           (11 749)

Other comprehensive earnings for the year, net of taxation                     3 267           24 012

Total comprehensive earnings / (loss) for the year                             28 927          (79 959)

 Restated due to the change in presentation currency from ZAR to A$. Refer to note 2.25 Change in Group accounting policies for further detail. Refer to

annexure 1 on pages 113 to 114 for ZAR figures.

** Previously described as 'operating earnings / (loss)'. The subtotal has been renamed to 'operating earnings / (loss) before capital items' to ensure a

more comprehensive representation of subtotal.

                                                            Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                              00 18
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS

for the year ended 30 June 2024

                                                                                    Restated*

                                                                            2024                                                                 2023

                                                                     Notes  A$'000  A$'000

Total comprehensive earnings / (loss) for the year attributable to:

Equity-holders of the parent                                                28 949  (79 878)

Non-controlling interest                                                    (22)                                                                 (81)

                                                                            28 927  (79 959)

Earnings / (loss) for the year attributable to:                             25 653  (103 890)
Equity-holders of the parent

Non-controlling interest                                                    7                                                                    (81)

                                                                            25 660  (103 971)

Other comprehensive earnings for the year, net of taxation                  3 296   24 012
Equity-holders of the parent

Non-controlling interest                                                    (29)                                                                 -

                                                                            3 267   24 012

Results per share (cents)

Basic earnings / (loss) per share

Continuing operations                                                       20.0    (72.7)

Discontinued operations                                                     -                                                                    (9.7)

                                                                            20.0    (82.4)

Diluted earnings / (loss) per share                                         19.5    (72.7)
Continuing operations

Discontinued operations                                                     -                                                                    (9.7)

                                                                            19.5    (82.4)

Number of shares (millions)                                          37     131.3   131.3
In issue

Weighted average                                                     37     128.4   126.1

Diluted weighted average                                             37     131.3   126.1

 Restated due to the change in presentation currency from ZAR to A$. Refer to note 2.25 Change in Group accounting policies for further detail.

                                                            Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                    00 19
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

for the year ended 30 June 2024

                                                                                                                            Total

                                                                             Foreign Equity-settled                         attributable

                                                                             currency share-based                           to equity             Non-
                                                                                                                                           controlling
                                                                             translation payment     Total other  Retained holders of the
                                                                                                        reserves                              interest
                                                             Stated capital  reserve   reserve                    earnings  parent                                                                                          Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          A$'000
                                                             A$'000          A$'000    A$'000        A$'000       A$'000    A$'000         A$'000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        330 080
Year ended 30 June 2023 (Restated)*                          542 114 (985 187)**       8 243 (976 944) 764 512***           329 682        398                                                                         (103 971)
Balance at 1 July 2022
Loss for the year                                            -               -         -             - (103 890) (103 890)                 (81)                                                                         (11 749)
Other comprehensive loss for the year (net of taxation)
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations       -               (11 749)  -             (11 749)     -         (11 749)                                                                                -     35 761
reclassified to earnings and loss on derecognition                                                                                                                                                                      (79 959)
                                                             -               35 761    -             35 761       -         35 761                                                                                  -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1 215
Total comprehensive loss for the year                        -               24 012    -             24 012 (103 890)       (79 878)       (81)                                                                                  -
Equity settled share-based payment - shares granted
Equity settled share-based payment - shares vested           -               -         1 215         1 215        -         1 215                                                                                   -      1 215
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        251 336
                                                             2 551           -         (2 551)       (2 551)      -         -                                                                                       -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        251 336
Total contributions and distributions recognised             2 551           -         (1 336)       (1 336)      -         1 215                                                                                   -     25 660
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           3 238
Balance at 30 June 2023                                      544 665 (961 175)         6 907 (954 268)            660 622   251 019        317                                                                            28 898
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1 724
Year ended 30 June 2024                                                                                                                                                                                                          -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1 724
Balance at 1 July 2023                                       544 665 (961 175)         6 907 (954 268)            660 622   251 019        317
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        281 958
Earnings for the year                                        -               -         -             -            25 653    25 653                                                                                  7
Other comprehensive earnings for the year (net of taxation)
                                                             -               3 267     -             3 267        -         3 267          (29)

Total comprehensive loss for the year                        -               3 267     -             3 267        25 653    28 920         (22)
Equity settled share-based payment - shares granted
                                                             -               -         1 724         1 724        -         1 724                                                                                   -

Equity settled share-based payment - shares vested           2 265           -         (2 265)       (2 265)      -         -                                                                                       -

Total contributions and distributions recognised             2 265           -         (541)         (541)        -         1 724                                                                                   -

Balance at 30 June 2024                                      546 930 (957 908)         6 366 (951 542)            686 275   281 663        295

Notes                                                        18                        24

* Restated due to the change in presentation currency from ZAR to A$. Refer to note 2.25 Change in Group accounting policies for further detail.
** The foreign currency translation reserve was reset to A$nil as at 1 July 2003. The opening balance as at 1 July 2022 represents the total foreign currency translation reserve movements from this date.
*** Following the change in the presentation currency from ZAR to A$, the previously disclosed accumulated losses of R2 billion at 1 July 2022 has translated into a retained earnings balance of A$764.5 million.

      This is as a result of the relevant exchange rate in the year in which the Group recorded earnings or losses, as is appropriate.

                                                                                                     Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                                                 0200
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 30 June 2024

                                                                                                Restated*

                                                                             Notes    2024        2023
                                                                                    A$'000      A$'000

Cash flow from operating activities                                          38     150 002 (31 473)
Cash generated / (utilised) from operating activities
Finance expenses paid                                                        39     (22 888) (23 927)
Finance earnings received
Taxation paid                                                                40     11 973      6 715

                                                                             41     (1 673)     (3 906)

Cash inflow / (outflow) from operating activities                                   137 414 (52 591)
Cash flow from investing activities
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment - expansion                     7      (7 784) (48 852)
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment - replacement
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                        7      (53 973) (62 948)
Proceeds on disposal of Trident Steel
Proceeds on disposal of other assets Held for Sale                                  8 531       6 911

                                                                             32     -           88 117

                                                                                    4 628       6 340

Capital expenditure net of proceeds on disposal                                     (48 598) (10 432)
Advance of short-term loan
Repayment of short-term loan                                                        - (17 251)
Advances in respect of other non-current assets
Receipt of capital portion of lease receivable                                      -           16 608
Dividends received
Cash movement in investing activities classified as Held for Sale                   -           (496)

                                                                                    6 629       1 510

                                                                             29     2 476                                                        830

                                                                                    -           (872)

Cash outflow from investing activities                                              (39 493) (10 103)

Cash flow from financing activities                                            43   (45 462)    (50 935)
Financing activities with debt-holders                                         43    16 948      92 770
Repayment of external borrowings                                                             -   38 814
Proceeds from external borrowings                                            20/43           -
Proceeds from Trade Finance Facility - Held for Sale                                            (36 967)
Repayment of Trade Finance Facility - Held for Sale                                 (31 798)    (22 771)
Payment of capital portion of lease liabilities

Cash (outflow) / inflow from financing activities                                   (60 312)     20 911
Net increase / (decrease) in cash and bank balances before foreign exchange          37 610     (41 783)
mFoorveeigmneenxtcshange movements on cash and bank balances                             401
Cash and bank balances at the beginning of the year                                                (759)
                                                                                    189 667     232 209

Total cash and bank balances at the end of the year                          16     227 678 189 667

 Restated due to the change in presentation currency from ZAR to A$. Refer to note 2.25 Change in Group accounting policies for further detail.

                                                                   Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                  00 21
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

1. PRESENTATION OF CONSOLIDATED AND SEPARATE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
        The accounting policies below are applied throughout the consolidated and separate financial statements.

  1.1 Basis of preparation
        The consolidated and separate financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain
        financial assets which are measured at fair value.

        The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian Dollars to the nearest thousand (A$'000) and the
        separate financial statements are presented in South African Rand to the nearest million (Rm). The accounting policies
        adopted are consistent with those of the previous year ended 30 June 2023 except for the new standards and
        interpretations disclosed in note 4: Standards and interpretations effective and not yet effective.

  1.2 Assessment of significance or materiality of amounts disclosed in the consolidated and separate financial statements
        The Group presents amounts in these consolidated and separate financial statements in accordance with IFRS®
        Accounting Standards. Only amounts that have a relevant and material impact on the consolidated and separate
        financial statements have been separately disclosed. The assessment of significant or material amounts is determined
        by taking into account the qualitative and quantitative factors attached to each transaction or balance that is assessed.

  1.3 Supplementary information
        The Group's presentation currency is Australian Dollars(A$). The supplementary information provided in South African
        Rand (ZAR) is translated at the closing rate for the consolidated statement of financial position and at the average rate
        for the consolidated statement of comprehensive earnings.

        Disclaimer:
        South African Rand translations included in these financial statements constitutes pro forma financial information in
        terms of the JSE Guidance Letter: Presentation of pro forma financial information dated 4 March 2010. The pro forma
        financial information is the responsibility of the board of directors and is presented for illustrative purposes only. The
        Directors believe the pro forma information can assist stakeholders in interpreting the financial performance of the
        Group in the previously reported currency. Because of its nature, the pro forma financial information may not fairly
        present Aveng's financial position, changes in equity, results of operations or cash flows. The underlying information,
        used in the preparation of the pro forma financial information, has been prepared using accounting policies which
        comply with IFRS Accounting Standards and are consistent with those applied in the published group consolidated and
        separate annual financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024. This pro forma information has been reported
        on by the group's auditors, KPMG Incorporated. Their unmodified reporting accountant's report prepared in terms of
        the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3420 is available on page 111 to 112.

  1.4 Statement of compliance
        The consolidated and separate financial statements of Aveng Limited and its subsidiaries have been prepared on a going
        concern basis in accordance with the IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
        Board (IASB), International Financial Reporting Interpretations committee (IFRIC), the South African Institute of
        Chartered Accountants (SAICA) Financial Reporting Guides as issued by the Accounting Practices Committee and
        Financial Reporting Pronouncement as issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Council, the Johannesburg Stock
        Exchange Limited (JSE) Listings Requirements, and the requirements of the Companies Act 71 of 2008 (as amended) of
        South Africa.

  1.5 Approval of consolidated and separate annual financial statements
        The consolidated and separate financial statements of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2024, which have been
        prepared on the going concern basis, were approved by the Board of directors on 19 August 2024.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 22
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1 Basis of consolidation

        Business combination and goodwill
        Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the
        aggregate of the consideration transferred measured at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any non-
        controlling interests in the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects to measure the non-controlling
        interests in the acquiree at fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as
        incurred and included in operating expenses.

        When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification
        and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the
        acquisition date.

        Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
        Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument is measured at fair value with
        changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. If the contingent consideration is not within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial
        Instruments (IFRS 9), it is measured in accordance with the appropriate IFRS Accounting Standards. Contingent
        consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

        Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount
        recognised for non-controlling interests, and any previous interest held, over the net identifiable assets acquired and
        liabilities assumed.

        After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of
        impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the
        Group's cash-generating units (CGU) that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other
        assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.

        Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill
        associated with the disposed operation is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain
        or loss on disposal. Goodwill disposed in these circumstances is measured based on the relative values of the disposed
        operation and the portion of the CGU retained.

        Common control
        A business combination involving entities or businesses under common control is a business combination in which all of
        the combining entities or businesses are ultimately controlled by the Group both before and after the combination. The
        Group accounts for these common control transactions using pooling of interest method. Any difference between the
        consideration paid and the capital of the acquiree is recognised in retained earnings.

        Subsidiaries
        The results of any subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included from the effective dates of
        acquisition and up to the effective dates of disposal respectively, being the dates on which the Group obtains or ceases
        to have control. Control is achieved when the Group has power over the investee and is exposed, or has rights, to
        variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
        over the investee. The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
        there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control.

        Non-controlling interests (NCI)
        A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a change of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

        The Group does not have subsidiaries that have a significant non-controlling interest and accordingly detailed non-
        controlling interest disclosure is not required in terms of IFRS 12 Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities in the current
        year.

        Loss of control
        If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and any related
        NCI and other components of equity. Any gain or loss is recognised in earnings or loss. Any interest retained in the
        former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 23
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.1 Basis of consolidation continued

        Equity-accounted investments
        Equity-accounted investments consist of investments in associates and joint ventures.

        Associates
        Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control, generally
        accompanying a shareholding of more than 20% of the voting rights.

        Joint arrangements
        Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about
        relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. The Group's interest in joint arrangements
        are either classified as joint operations or joint ventures.

        A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the Group has rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities,
        relating to the joint arrangement. The joint operators have a contractual arrangement that establishes joint control over
        the economic activities of the entity. The arrangements require unanimous agreement for financial and operating
        decisions among the joint operators. The Group recognises its interest in a joint operation by recognising its interest in
        the assets and liabilities of the joint operation as well as its share in the expenses that it incurs and its share of the
        earnings that it earns from the sale of goods or services by the joint operation.

        A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the Group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

        Interests in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. They are initially recognised at
        cost, which includes transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include
        the Group's share of the earnings or loss and other comprehensive earnings or loss of the associates and joint ventures,
        until the date significant influence or joint control ceases.

        When the Group's share of losses in associates or joint ventures equals or exceeds its interest in that entity, including
        any other unsecured receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made
        payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture. The total carrying amount of associates and joint ventures is
        evaluated when there is an indication of impairment.

        The Group's interests in associates and joint arrangements are considered individually immaterial based on their
        contribution to the Group and accordingly disclosures are aggregated separately for associates and joint arrangements
        based on their risk profiles and characteristics in relation to their activities and association to the Group.

        Transactions eliminated on consolidation
        When the end of the reporting period of a subsidiary, associate or joint venture is different to that of the Group, the
        subsidiary, associate or joint venture prepares, additional financial statements as at 30 June for consolidation purposes.
        When it is impractical for the subsidiary, associate or joint arrangement to prepare additional financial statements as at
        30 June, adjustments are made for the effects of significant transactions that occur between the subsidiary, associate
        or joint arrangement and the Group's reporting date.

        Should a subsidiary, associate or joint arrangement apply accounting policies that are materially different to those
        adopted by the Group, adjustments are made to the consolidated financial statements to align the accounting policies.

        All inter-group transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation. Unrealised earnings or losses are also
        eliminated, unless it reflects impairment in the assets so disposed.

2.2 Foreign currency transactions and balances
        Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group entities are measured using the currency of the primary
        economic environment in which the entity operates (functional currency).

        Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are initially translated at the rate of exchange ruling at the transaction
        date.

        Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the A$ rate of exchange ruling at the
        reporting date. All differences are taken to earnings.

        Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the A$ rate of exchange ruling
        on the later of acquisition or revaluation dates. Gains or losses on translation are credited or charged against earnings.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 24
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.2 Foreign currency transactions and balances continued

        Foreign operations
        The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition, are
        translated into the presentation currency of the Group (A$) at the rate of exchange ruling at the reporting date. The
        income and expenses of foreign operations are translated at the average exchange rates for the year. Equity is stated
        at historical rates.

        Foreign currency differences arising on the translation are recognised in other comprehensive earnings and
        accumulated in the translation reserve, except to the extent that the translation difference is allocated to non-
        controlling interests.

        On disposal of a foreign entity, the deferred cumulative amount recognised in equity relating to that particular foreign
        operation is reclassified from other comprehensive earnings to earnings.

2.3 Segmental information
        Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
        decision maker.

        The chief operating decision maker, identified as executive management, monitors the operating results of the business
        units separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment
        performance is evaluated based on operating earnings and is measured consistently with operating earnings in the
        consolidated financial statements.

        The Group financing (including finance earnings) and income taxes are allocated to operating segments (refer to note
        6: Segmental report).

        Revenue and expenses are attributed directly to the segments to which they relate. Segment assets include all operating
        assets used by a segment, and consist principally of property, plant and equipment, trade and other receivables and
        contract assets. Segment liabilities include all operating liabilities and consist principally of trade and other payables
        and contract liabilities.

2.4 Property, plant and equipment
        Property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
        accumulated impairment losses. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the item.
        Land is not depreciated.

        Buildings and other items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their useful
        lives to an estimated residual value. Right-of-use assets recognised under IFRS 16 are depreciated using the straight-line
        method from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of
        the lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property,
        plant and equipment. Where significant components of an item have different useful lives to the item itself, these parts
        are depreciated separately if the component's cost is significant in relation to the cost of the remainder of the asset.

        Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount only when it is probable that future economic benefits
        associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and
        maintenance expenditures are charged to earnings or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred. If a
        replacement part is recognised in the carrying amount of an item of property, plant and equipment, the carrying amount
        of the replaced part is derecognised.

        An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
        expected to be realised from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset
        (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item) is included in
        earnings or loss in the year in which the item is derecognised.

        The asset's residual values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed, and adjusted prospectively, if
        appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 25
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.4 Property, plant and equipment continued

        The estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

Item                                 Depreciation % / period

Owned Buildings                      2%
Owned plant, equipment and vehicles
Right-of-use assets                  5% to 33%
                                     Shorter of lease period and asset's useful life
                                     as per owned categories

2.5 Inventories
        Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value generally determined on the first-in first-out (FIFO)
        basis and weighted average in respect of certain stock categories. The cost of manufactured goods and work-in-
        progress, in addition to direct materials and labour, include a proportion of production overheads based on normal
        operating capacity and the appropriate stage of completion.

        Write-downs to net realisable value and inventory losses are expensed in the period in which the write-downs or losses
        occur.

2.6 Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill arising on consolidation
        The Group assesses, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that a non-financial asset (other than
        inventories and deferred tax assets) may be impaired. If any indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an
        asset is required, the Group estimates the asset's recoverable amount. An asset's recoverable amount is the higher of
        an asset's or CGU's fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The recoverable amount is determined for an
        individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets
        or groups of assets. When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset or CGU is
        considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

        Impairment losses are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Earnings in expense categories consistent with
        the function of the impaired asset.

        For assets excluding goodwill, an assessment is made at each reporting date to determine whether there is an indication
        that previously recognised impairment losses no longer exist or have decreased. If such indication exists, the Group
        estimates the asset's or CGU's recoverable amount. A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there
        has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset's or CGU's recoverable amount since the last
        impairment loss was recognised.

        The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the
        carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised for
        the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Earnings unless the asset is
        carried at a revalued amount, in which case, the reversal is treated as a revaluation increase.

2.7 Stated capital
        Treasury shares
        Treasury shares comprise of shares in Aveng Limited held by the Aveng Limited Share Purchase Trust, Aveng Africa
        Proprietary Limited and by Aveng Management Company Proprietary Limited, and shares in terms of the forfeitable
        share plan. The amount of consideration paid for the treasury shares is recognised as a deduction from equity and both
        issued capital and weighted average number of shares is reduced by the number of treasury shares. Dividends received
        on treasury shares are eliminated on consolidation. Earnings are not recognised on the purchase, sale, issue or
        cancellation of the Group's own equity instruments.

2.8 Provisions
        A provision is recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events for
        which it is probable that a transfer of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate
        can be made of the amount of the obligation.

        Where the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future
        cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and, where appropriate,
        the risks specific to the liability.

                                     Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                       00 26
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.9 Share based payments

        The Group operates a share incentive plan for the granting of shares and/or share options to executives and senior
        employees as consideration for services rendered. Shares and/or share options are offered to executives and senior
        employees at the market price, upon recommendation by the remuneration and nominations committee. Shares and/or
        share options awarded to executives and senior employees are awarded over a period of two or three years.

        Equity-settled transactions
        The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured with reference to the fair value at the date on which
        they are granted. In valuing equity-settled transactions, no account is taken of performance conditions, other than
        conditions linked to the market value of the Company's shares. The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised,
        together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the service conditions are fulfilled, ending
        on the date on which the relevant employees become fully entitled to the award (the vesting date).

        The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects
        the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group's best estimate as to the number of equity instruments
        that will ultimately vest. The earnings charge or credit for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense
        recognised at the beginning and at the end of each reporting period.

        No expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest, except for awards where vesting is conditional upon a
        market condition. Provided that all other performance conditions are satisfied, these awards are treated as vested
        irrespective of whether or not the market condition is satisfied. Where the terms of an equity-settled award are
        modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms had not been modified.

        In addition, an expense is recognised for any modification, which increases the consolidated total fair value of the share-
        based payment arrangement or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.

        Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation. Any expense not
        yet recognised for the award is immediately recognised. In the event that a new award is substituted for the cancelled
        award, and designated as a replacement award, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification
        to the original award. The dilutive effect of outstanding options is included in the computation of diluted earnings per
        share.

        Cash-settled transactions
        The cost of cash-settled transactions is measured initially at fair value at the grant date by means of an adjusted binomial
        option pricing model which takes into account the terms and conditions upon which the instruments were granted. This
        fair value is expensed over the vesting period with recognition of a corresponding liability. This liability is remeasured
        at each reporting date up to and including the settlement date with changes in fair value recognised in earnings.

        Subsidiaries
        Share-based payments that are classified as equity or cash-settled at the Group level are classified as follows in the
        subsidiary level:
        - Equity-settled, where the receiving subsidiary has no obligation to settle the transaction;
        - Equity-settled, where the settling subsidiary has the obligation to settle in its own equity instruments; and
        - Cash-settled, where the settling subsidiary has the obligation to settle in cash or other assets, including equity

              instruments of another Group entity (where relevant).

2.10 Employee benefits
        Short-term employee benefits
        All short-term benefits are charged as an expense in the period in which the related service is rendered by employees.
        A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
        to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and this amount can be estimated reliably. The
        liability under short term benefits is accounted for as the undiscounted amount expected to be paid in exchange for the
        services received.

        Post-retirement benefits
        The Group has a defined contribution plan for its eligible employees. South African funds are governed by the Pension
        Funds Act, 1956 as amended. Other funds are governed by the respective legislation of the country concerned.

        The overall expected rate of return on assets is determined based on market expectations prevailing on that date,
        applicable to the period over which the obligation is to be settled.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 27
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.10 Employee benefits continued

        Post-retirement benefits continued
        The risks pertaining to the defined contribution plans does not lie with the Group regarding the sufficiency of the plan
        assets or returns on these assets.

        Defined contribution plans
        Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are charged as an expense in the reporting period to which
        they relate.

        Other long-term employee benefits
        Other long-term employee benefits include items such as the Group's long-term disability benefits as well as the portion
        of the Group's leave pay benefits not expected to be settled wholly within twelve months after the annual reporting
        period in which the employees render the related service.

        Termination benefits
        Termination benefits are expensed at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits
        and when the Group recognises costs for a restructuring. If benefits are not expected to be settled wholly within twelve
        months of the reporting date, then they are discounted.

2.11 Revenue from contracts with customers
        Construction and mining contracts
        The Group recognises revenue from construction contracts and mining contracts over time as the customer receives
        the benefits associated to the revenue.

        The Group is the principal in its construction contract revenue arrangements, because it typically controls the delivery
        of construction contracts over time. Anticipated losses to completion are immediately recognised as an expense in
        contract costs.

        When the outcome of a construction contract cannot be estimated reliably (principally during early stages of a contract),
        contract revenue is recognised only to the extent of costs incurred that are expected to be recoverable.

        Where contract costs incurred to date plus recognised earnings, less recognised losses exceed progress billings, the
        surplus is reflected as contract assets for contract work. For contracts where progress billings exceed contract costs
        incurred to date plus recognised profits, less recognised losses, the surplus is reflected as contract liabilities for contract
        work.

        Amounts received before the related work is performed are included as a liability in the consolidated statement of
        financial position, as progress billings received (including overclaims and early customer receipts) in contract liabilities.

        Amounts billed for work performed but not collected from customers are included as contract receivables under
        contract assets. Variations in contract work, claims and incentive payments are included as part of uncertified claims
        and variations as follows:

        Claims impact on transaction price
        Claims are subject to a high level of uncertainty. Various claims are submitted by the Group to their customers. Under
        IFRS 15 revenue from claims is required to be accounted for as variable consideration and claims are included in revenue
        only when it is highly probable that revenue will not be reversed in the future.

        Variations to a contract
        Revenue related to variations is recognised when it can be reliably measured and it is highly probable that revenue will
        not be reversed in the future.

        Incentive payments
        Revenue is recognised when the contract is sufficiently advanced that it is highly probable that the specified
        performance standard will be met or exceeded and the revenue will not be reversed in the future, and the amount of
        incentive payment can be measured reliably.

        Revenue is measured at the consideration at which the Group is expected to be entitled to, excluding discounts, rebates
        and Value-Added Taxation (VAT).

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 28
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.11 Revenue from contracts with customers continued

        Construction and mining contracts continued
        Combining and segmenting construction contracts
        The Group's contracts are typically negotiated for the construction of a single asset or a group of assets which are closely
        inter-related or inter-dependent in terms of their design, technology and function. In certain circumstances, the Group
        measures revenue over a period of time for each separately identifiable components of a single contract or to a group
        of contracts together in order to reflect the substance of a contract or group of contracts.

Assets covered by a single contract are treated as separate performance obligations when:
- separate proposals have been submitted for each asset;
- each asset has been subject to separate negotiation and the Group and customer have been able to accept or reject

     that part of the contract relating to each asset; and
- the costs and revenues of each asset can be identified.

A group of contracts is treated as a single construction contract when:
- the group of contracts is negotiated as a package with a single commercial objective;
- the amount of consideration to be paid in one contract depends on the price or performance of the other contract;
- the contracts are so closely inter-related that they are, in effect, part of a single project with an overall positive

     margin; or
- the contracts are performed concurrently or in a continuous sequence

Practical expedients
The Group has elected to apply the following practical expedients available in IFRS 15:

Significant financing component

Generally, the Group receives short-term advances from its customers. Using the practical expedient in IFRS 15, the
Group does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component if it
expects, at contract inception, that the period between the transfer of the promised goods or services to the customer
and when the customer pays for that goods or services will be one year or less.

2.12 Interest earnings
        Interest received on bank balances is recognised on a time proportion basis that takes into account the effective interest
        on the asset. An appropriate accrual is made at each reporting date.

2.13 Other earnings
        Dividends received are included in earnings or loss when the Group's right of payment has been established. The right
        of payment has been established when the dividend has been appropriately authorised and is no longer at the entity
        declaring the dividend's discretion.

2.14 Fair value of assets and liabilities

        Financial and non-financial assets
        The Group measures certain financial instruments, including infrastructure investments at fair value at each reporting
        date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
        between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell
        the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability or in the absence of a
        principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the
asset in its highest and best use.

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data is available
to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

When measuring the fair value of an asset or liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible. Each
method of determining fair value can be analysed into the following categories:
- Level 1 Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
- Level 2 Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is

                 directly or indirectly observable.
- Level 3 Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to their fair value measurement

                 is unobservable.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 29
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.14 Fair value of assets and liabilities continued

        Financial and non-financial assets continued
        For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
        whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest
        level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

        For financial instruments not traded in an active market, the fair value is determined using appropriate valuation
        techniques. Such techniques may include using recent arm's length market transactions, reference to the current fair
        value of another instrument that is substantially the same and discounted cash flow analysis or other valuation models.

        Financial assets
        Initial recognition and measurement
        The Group initially recognises financial assets when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the
        instrument.

        Financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus in the case of assets not measured at fair value through profit
        or loss, directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequently financial assets, excluding derivatives, are classified as
        measured at amortised cost or fair value, depending on the Group's business model for managing the financial asset
        and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. Derivatives are subsequently measured at fair value
        through profit or loss. Changes in the fair value of derivatives used to economically hedge the Group's foreign exchange
        exposure are recognised in other earnings in the earnings or loss component of the Statement of Comprehensive
        earnings.

        A financial asset qualifies for amortised cost, using the effective interest method net of any impairment loss if it meets
        both of the following conditions:
        - the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual cash flows;

              and
        - the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that are solely payments of

              principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

        If a financial asset does not meet both of these conditions, it is measured at fair value.

        The assessment of business model is made at portfolio level as this reflects best the way the business is managed and
        information is provided to management.

        Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established by regulation or
        convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Group commits to purchase or
        sell the asset.

        The Group's financial assets are classified as trade and other receivables, infrastructure investments and cash and bank
        balances.

        The Group's financial assets are classified and measured as follows:

        Financial investments / infrastructure investments
        The Group holds investments in the equity interest of a number of non-listed entities, which are subsequently measured
        at fair value through profit or loss.

        Trade and other receivables
        Trade and other receivables are subsequently measured at amortised cost.

        Cash and bank balances
        Cash and bank balances comprise cash on hand and bank balances that are subsequently measured at amortised cost.
        Cash held in joint arrangements are available for use by the Group with the approval of the joint arrangement partners.
        Bank overdrafts are offset against positive bank balances where a legally enforceable right of offset exists and there is
        an intention to settle the overdraft and realise the net cash. For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and
        bank balances consist of cash and bank balances defined above net of outstanding bank overdrafts.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 30
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.15 Financial instruments

        Financial assets continued
        Derecognition
        A financial asset is derecognised when:
        - the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
        - the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the

              received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a "pass-through" arrangement; and either
              (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither
              transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset but has transferred control of the asset.

        When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset, and has neither transferred nor retained
        substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the asset is recognised to the
        extent of the Group's continuing involvement in the asset. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability.

        The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that
        the Group has retained. Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is
        measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the
        Group could be required to repay.

        Impairment of financial assets and lease receivables
        The impairment model applies to financial assets measured at amortised cost, contract assets and lease receivables but
        not to investments in equity instruments.

        Under IFRS 9, Expected Credit losses (ECLs) are recognised in either of the following stages:
        - 12 Month ECLs: those are ECLs that result from possible default events within the 12 months after the reporting

              date; and
        - Lifetime ECLs: those are ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of the instrument.
        The Group has elected to measure the loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal to
        lifetime ECLs.

        When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and
        when estimating ECLs subsequent to initial recognition, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information
        that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information
        and an analysis, based on the Group's historical experience and information, including credit assessment and forward-
        looking information.

        Presentation of impairment
        Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the
        asset.

        Measurement of ECLs
        ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured at the present value of all cash
        shortfalls (i.e., the difference between the contractual cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and
        all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset).

        Credit-impaired financial assets
        At each reporting date, the Group has assessed whether financial assets within the scope of IFRS 9 impairment
        requirements are credit impaired.
        Debt instruments not carried at fair value through profit or loss are assessed at each reporting date to determine
        whether there is objective evidence of credit-impairment. A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events
        that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial assets have occurred.

        Accordingly, this accounting policy relates to note 12: Contract assets / (liabilities), note 13: Trade and other receivables
        and note 16: Cash and bank balances.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 31
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.16 Financial instruments continued

        Financial assets continued
        Credit-impaired financial assets continued
        Objective evidence that financial assets are credit impaired includes, but is not limited to:
        - Significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
        - A breach of contract, such as default or the counterparty has failed to make a payment when that payment was

              contractually due;
        - the lender of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower's financial difficulty,

              having granted to the borrower a concession that the lender would not otherwise consider;
        - it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
        - the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; or
        - the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.

        Financial liabilities
        Initial recognition and measurement
        The Group initially recognises financial liabilities when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the
        instrument.

        Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or fair value, or as derivatives designated as hedging
        instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate. The Group determines the classification of its financial liabilities at
        initial recognition. All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and in the case of loans and borrowings and
        other liabilities, less directly attributable transaction costs. The Group's financial liabilities include trade and other
        payables, borrowings and other liabilities, bank overdrafts and derivatives that are liabilities.

        The Group has not designated any financial liabilities upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, except
        those financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives that significantly modify cash flows that would otherwise
        be required under the contract.

        Borrowings and other liabilities
        Borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Gains or losses are
        recognised in earnings when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the amortisation process.

        Trade and other payables
        Trade and other payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

        Bank overdraft
        Bank overdrafts are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

        Offsetting of financial instruments
        Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position if,
        and only if, there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a
        net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

        Derecognition
        A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When
        an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms
        of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the
        original liability and the recognition of a new liability, and the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised
        in earnings.

2.17 Contract assets and liabilities
        Contract assets
        Contract assets are carried at cost plus margin recognised, less billings and recognised losses at the reporting date in
        accordance with the revenue recognition policy in section 2.11 Revenue from contracts with customers.

        Contract receivables and contract retentions are initially recognised at cost plus margin, which approximates fair value,
        and are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Contract receivables and retentions comprise amounts due in
        respect of progress billings certified by the client or consultant at the reporting date for which payment has not been
        received and amounts held as retentions on certified work at the reporting date.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 32
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.17 Contract assets and liabilities continued

        Contract assets continued
        Contract costs include costs that are attributable directly to the contract and costs that are attributable to contract
        activity. Costs that relate directly to a specific contract comprise: site labour costs (including site supervision); costs of
        materials used in construction; depreciation of equipment used on the contract; costs of design, technical assistance,
        and any other costs which are specifically chargeable to the customer in terms of the contract.

        Contract costs incurred that relate to future activity are recognised as an asset to the extent that it is probable it will be
        recovered. Such costs represent contract assets.

        Contract liabilities
        Where progress billings exceed the aggregate of costs plus margin less losses, the net amounts are reflected as a liability
        and is carried at amortised cost.

2.18 Tax
        Current taxation
        Current taxation comprises the expected taxation payable and receivable on the taxable earnings for the year and any
        adjustment to taxation payable or receivable in respect of previous years. It is measured using taxation rates that are
        enacted or substantively enacted at reporting date.

        Current taxation for current and prior periods is, to the extent unpaid, recognised as a liability. If the amount already
        paid in respect of current or prior periods exceeds the amount due for those periods, the excess is recognised as an
        asset.

        Current taxation is charged to earnings except to the extent that it relates to a transaction that is recognised outside
        earnings or loss. In this case the current taxation items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either
        in other comprehensive earnings or directly in equity.

        Deferred taxation
        Deferred taxation is recognised in respect of all temporary differences at the reporting date. Temporary differences are
        differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their taxation
        base.

        Deferred taxation is not recognised for:
        - Taxable temporary differences that arise from the initial recognition of goodwill;
        - Temporary differences on the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business

              combination and affects neither the accounting profits nor taxable income; and
        - Temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint ventures, where

              the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled by the Group and it is probable that the
              temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

        Deferred taxation assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of unused taxation
        credits and unused taxation losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable income will be available against which
        they can be used in the foreseeable future.

        The amount of deferred taxation provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying
        amount of assets and liabilities using taxation rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised or
        the liability is settled based on enacted or substantively enacted taxation rates at the reporting date.

        Deferred taxation is charged to earnings or loss except to the extent that it relates to a transaction that is recognised
        outside earnings or loss. In this case the deferred taxation items are recognised in correlation to the underlying
        transaction either in other comprehensive earnings or directly in equity.

        The effect on deferred taxation of any changes in taxation rates is recognised in earnings, except to the extent that it
        relates to items previously recognised in other comprehensive earnings or credited directly to equity. The carrying
        amount of deferred taxation assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
        probable that the related taxation benefit will be realised. Unrecognised deferred taxation assets are reassessed at each
        reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that the future taxable income will allow
        the deferred taxation asset to be recovered.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 33
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.18 Tax continued

        Deferred taxation
        Deferred taxation assets and deferred taxation liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current
        income taxation assets against current taxation liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and
        the same taxation authority.

        Withholding tax
        A dividend withholding tax is withheld on behalf of the taxation authority on dividend distributions.

        Other taxes
        Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of Value Added Tax except for:
        - Where the Value Added Tax incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation

              authority, in which case the Value Added Tax is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part
              of the expense item as applicable; and
        - Receivables and payables that are stated with the amount of Value Added Tax included.

        The net amount of Value Added Tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of
        receivables or payables in the statement of financial position.

2.19 Leases
        Group as a lessee
        Determining the lease term
        The Group has determined the lease term as the non-cancellable period of the lease, together with periods covered by
        an option to extend the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and the periods covered by an
        option to terminate the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise that option. The lease term includes any
        rent-free periods provided to the lessee by the lessor.

        Short-term leases and leases of low value assets
        The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases of property, plant
        and equipment that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises the
        lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

        Separation of lease components
        At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration
        in the contract to each lease and non-lease component on the basis of their relative standalone prices. However, for
        the leases of land and buildings in which it is a lessee, the Group has elected not to separate non-lease components and
        account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.

        Right-of-use assets
        The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset
        is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments
        made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle
        and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease
        incentive received.

        The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the deprecation method as detailed in note 2.4 Property, plant
        and equipment.

        Lease payments
        Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:
        - fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments;
        - variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the

              commencement date;
        - amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and
        - the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an

              optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early
              termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.

        The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 34
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.19 Leases

        Group as a lessee continued
        Remeasurement
        A lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate,
        if there is a change in the Group's estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee or
        if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.

        When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
        right-of-use asset or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to
        zero.

        The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in right-of-use assets
        (refer to note 8: Right-of-use assets) and a lease liability in lease liabilities (refer to note 20: Lease liabilities) in the
        statement of financial position.

        Group as a lessor
        When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease commencement whether each lease is a finance or operating
        lease. As part of the assessment, the Group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for a major part of
        the economic life of the asset.

        Leases whereby the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership of the asset are
        classified as operating leases. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating an operating lease are added to the carrying
        amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rental
        is recognised as revenue during the period in which it is earned.

        If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate the consideration in
        the contract.

        The Group recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease
        term as part of `other income'.

        Sub-leases
        When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately.
        The Group assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head
        lease, not with reference to the underlying asset. If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the
        exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.

2.20 Borrowing costs
        Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes a
        substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the respective
        assets. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other
        costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

2.21 Contingent liabilities
        A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and its existence will be confirmed only by the
        occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group, or a
        present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because it is not probable that an outflow of
        resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or the amount of the obligation cannot
        be measured with sufficient reliability.

        Contract performance guarantees issued by the parent company on behalf of the group companies are calculated based
        on the probability of the guarantee being called.

        Depending on the merits, legal disputes can translate into future claims and legal proceedings. When required, a
        provision is made for all liabilities which are expected to materialise, however if the outcome of claims or legal disputes
        are possible but not probable or the amount cannot be measured with sufficient reliability, they are not disclosed as a
        provision.

        If the likelihood of an outflow is remote, the possible obligation is neither a provision nor a contingent liability and no
        disclosure is made.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 35
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.22 Non-current assets Held for Sale and disposal groups

        Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as Held for Sale if their carrying amount will be recovered
        principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded as having been met
        only when the sale is highly probable and the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present
        condition. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a
        completed sale within the next 12 months.

        Loans (from) / to Group companies that have been classified as Held for Sale are eliminated on consolidation.
        Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as Held for Sale are measured at the lower of their previous carrying
        amount and fair value less costs to sell.

        Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are not depreciated or amortised once classified as Held for Sale.

2.23 Discontinued operations
        A discontinued operation is a component of the Group's business, the operations and cash flows of which can be clearly
        distinguished from the rest of the Group and which:
        - Represents a separate major line of business or geographic area of operations;
        - Is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate line of business of geographic area of operations; and
        - Is a subsidiary acquired solely with a view to resell.

        Classification as a discontinued operation occurs at the earlier of disposal or when the operation meets the criteria to
        be Held for Sale. When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation, the Statement of Comprehensive Earnings
        is presented as if the operation had been discontinued from the beginning of the comparative period.

        Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount
        as profit or loss after tax from discontinued operations in the Statement of Comprehensive Earnings.

        Additional disclosures are provided in Note 35: Discontinued operations. All other notes to the financial statements
        include amounts for continuing operations, unless indicated otherwise.

2.24 Investments in Group companies
        Investments in Group companies, which consist of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates in the separate financial
        statements, are stated at cost less amounts written off where there has been an impairment.

2.25 Changes to the Group accounting policies
        Change in presentation currency
        On 15 February 2024, Aveng announced that it had changed the presentation currency of its consolidated financial
        statements from the South African Rand (ZAR) to the Australian Dollar (A$) with effect from the financial year ended 30
        June 2024.
         In 2018, management embarked on an extensive strategic review to ensure the Group's sustainable future. The review
        included the identification of businesses and assets that no longer supported the overall long-term strategy.
        Management committed to exiting and disposing of the identified businesses and assets. During the 2023 year end, the
        final business being Trident Steel, was disposed of. The Group now consists of two businesses, McConnell Dowell and
        Moolmans.
        More than 90% of revenue measured on an economic-interest basis (which includes the Group's proportionate share
        of the revenue of associates and joint ventures) is sourced from outside of South Africa. Coupled with the evolution of
        the business, the Group's shareholder base now also comprises majority foreign investors to whom financial reporting
        in SA Rand is of limited relevance.
        Internally, the Board also bases its performance evaluation and many investment decisions on A$ financial information.
        The Board therefore believes that A$ financial reporting provides more relevant presentation of the Group's financial
        position, financial performance, and its cash flows. A change in presentation currency represents a change in an
        accounting policy in terms of IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors requiring the
        restatement of comparative information. The comparative information in the audited consolidated annual financial
        statements has been restated.
        In accordance with IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, the following methodology was followed
        in restating historical financial information from South African Rands (ZAR) to Australian dollars (A$):
         · Non-A$ assets and liabilities were translated at the relevant closing exchange rate at the end of the reporting
               period. Non-A$ items of income and expenditure and cash flows were translated at actual transaction date
               exchange rates.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 36
ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024v

2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued
2.25 Changes to the Group accounting policies continued

         · Equity items were converted using the following rates:

- Profit / (loss) for the year and share based payment reserve ­ historical average rate for the respective year;
- Dividends, share issues ­ closest appropriate historical spot rate for which dividends were declared or shares

     issued;
- Share buybacks and transfers between equity components ­ historical weighted average rate; and

- Stated capital and other reserves ­ historic rates prevailing at the dates of underlying transactions.

· The foreign currency translation reserve was reset to A$nil as at 1 July 2003, the date on which the Group adopted
     IFRS Accounting Standards, in line with IFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards.

· The effects of translating the Group's financial results and financial position into AU dollar were recognised in the
     foreign currency translation reserve.

Although actual transaction date exchange rates were used to translate previously reported ZAR earnings and cash
flows into A$, the Group has provided the average exchange rates of its major functional currencies relative to A$ as
an approximation for these rates for reference in the following table. The closing exchange rates of the Group's major
trading currencies relative to A$, used when translating the statements of financial position presented in this release
into A$, are also detailed in this table.

                                                                   30 June 2024        30 June 2023

                                                                   Average    Closing  Average Closing
                                                                        rate     rate
                                                                                       rate               rate

1 Australian Dollar (A$) =                                         12.2654 12.1716     12.5513 12.3443
South African Rand (ZAR)

The presentation currency for Aveng Limited Company remains ZAR.

2.26 Impact of adopting the new standards on the statement of financial position
        A number of new standards and interpretations are effective from 1 July 2023. Management's assessment determined
        that the new standards and interpretations will not have a material effect on the Group's financial statements. Refer to
        note 4. Standards and interpretations effective and not yet effective.

                            Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                   00 37
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended 30 June 2024

3. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
        The preparation of the annual consolidated and separate financial statements requires management to make
        judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
        apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other
        factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

        The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
        recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period or in the period of the
        revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

3.1 Judgements and estimation assumptions
        In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, the Group has made judgements relating to certain items
        recognised, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.
        The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that
        have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
        financial period, are described below.

        The Group based its assumptions and estimates on parameters available when the consolidated and separate financial
        statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change
        due to market changes or circumstances arising beyond the control of the Group. Such changes are reflected in the
        assumptions when they occur.

3.1.1 Deferred taxation
        Deferred taxation assets are recognised for all unused taxation losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable
        earnings will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to
        determine the amount of deferred taxation assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of
        future taxable earnings. If the deferred taxation assets and the deferred taxation liability relate to income taxation in
        the same jurisdiction, and the law allows net settlement, they have been offset in the statement of financial position.

        Refer to note 11: Deferred taxation for further detail.

3.1.2 Contract assets / (liabilities)
        Positions related to long outstanding contract positions have been judged in conjunction with legal advice and potential
        timeframes associated with legal action.

        Refer to note 12: Contract assets / (liabilities) for further detail.

3.1.3 Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill arising on consolidation
        The Group assesses the recoverable amount of any goodwill arising on consolidation and indefinite useful life intangible
        assets annually or when indicators of potential impairment are identified in respect of the cash generating unit (CGU)
        of the Group.

        Impairment exists when the carrying amount of a CGU exceeds its recoverable amount. The key assumptions used to
        determine the fair value less costs of disposal calculation are based on available data (if applicable) from binding sales
        transactions, conducted at arm's length, for similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for
        disposing of the asset. The value-in-use calculation is based on assumptions, included in a discounted cash flow model.
        The cash flows are derived from future budgets and do not include restructuring activities that the Group is not yet
        committed to or significant future investments that will enhance the asset's performance of the CGU.
        The recoverable amount is most sensitive to the discount rate used for the discounted cash flow model, the expected
        future cash inflows and the growth rates used for extrapolation and terminal value purposes.

        For further information refer to note 36: Impairments.

3.1.4 Revenue recognition
        In the Infrastructure and Building segments, the Group uses the input method in determining the satisfaction of the
        performance obligation over a period of time in accounting for its construction contracts.

        In the Mining segment, the Group uses an output method in determining the satisfaction of the performance obligation
        through a contract that requires direct measurement. The Group's technical experts, engineers and contact managers
        exercise their judgement in estimating progress based on performance of the contract or milestone achieved.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 38
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

3. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES continued
3.1 Judgements and estimation assumptions continued
3.1.4 Revenue recognition continued

        Judgements made in the application of the accounting policies for contracting revenue and earnings or loss recognition
        include:

        - the determination of the point in the progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligation;
        - the determination of when it is highly probable that revenue will not be reversed in the future for claims and

                 variations;
        - estimation of total contract revenue and total contract costs;
        - assessment of the amount the client will pay for contract variations;
        - estimation of project production rates and programme through to completion;
        - the ability to deliver contracts within the requirements of each contract; and
        - an estimate of potential risks and opportunities on each contract.

        The construction contracts undertaken by the Group may require it to perform extra or change order work, and this can
        result in negotiations over the extent to which the work is outside the scope of the original contract or the price for the
        extra work.

        Given the complexity of many of the contracts undertaken by the Group, the knowledge and experience of the Group's
        project managers, engineers and executive management is used in assessing the status of negotiations with the
        customer, the reliability with which the estimated recoverable amounts can be measured, the financial risks pertained
        to individual projects, and the associated judgements end estimates employed. Cost and revenue estimates are
        reviewed and updated monthly, and more frequently as determined by events or circumstances.

        In addition, many contracts specify the completions schedule requirements and allow for liquidated damages to be
        charged in the event of failure to achieve that schedule; on these contracts, this could result in the Group incurring
        liquidated damages.

3.1.5 Contingent liabilities
        Parent company guarantees issued in the ordinary course of business are at inception accounted for as contingent
        liabilities in accordance with IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets (IAS 37) and disclosed
        accordingly. Subsequent to the issuance of the guarantee, and a Completion Certificate for the related work, the
        probability of the related obligation is determined to be remote (and therefore not disclosed in the financial statements
        unless there are other reasons that make the obligation probability possible).

        Where a claim on the guarantee has been made by the respective client, the probability of the obligation is assessed in
        detail by management.

        Where there is a possibility of reimbursement on a parent guarantee, this reimbursive right is required to be disclosed
        (as a contingent asset) separate to the related obligation, only if virtually certain.

        Reimbursements from cross indemnities may not be disclosed in the financial statements unless a claim is made by a
        client on the corresponding obligation, and the reimbursement is considered probable.

        For further information refer to note 44: Contingent liabilities and assets.

3.1.6 Loss making and onerous contracts
        A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the
        contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined based on the incremental costs
        of fulfilling the obligation under the contract and an allocation of other costs directly related to fulfilling the contract.
        Before a provision is established, the Group recognises any impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract.

3.1.7 Uncertainty over income tax treatments
        In determining the taxable profit / (loss), tax bases, unused tax losses and tax rates, management assumes that a
        taxation authority with the right to examine any amounts reported to it will examine those amounts and will have full
        knowledge of all relevant information when doing so.

        In determining whether tax treatments should be considered independently or on a collective basis, the Group selects
        the approach that provides better predictions of the resolution of the uncertainty. The Group will reassess the tax
        treatment if facts and circumstances change.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 39
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

4. STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS EFFECTIVE AND NOT YET EFFECTIVE

        Standards and interpretations effective in the current year
        The following accounting standards are applicable for the Group in the current financial year:
         IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2- Disclosure of Accounting Policies (amendments)
         (Effective 1 January 2023)

        In October 2018, the IASB issued amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IAS 8 Accounting
        Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors to align the definition of `material' across the standards and to
        clarify certain aspects of the definition. The new definition states that, 'Information is material if omitting, misstating or
        obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general-purpose financial
        statements make on the basis of those financial statements, which provide financial information about a specific
        reporting Group'.

        The IASB has issued amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and an update to IFRS Practice
        Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements to help companies provide useful accounting policy disclosures.

        The key amendments to IAS 1 include:

           requiring companies to disclose their material accounting policies rather than their significant accounting policies;

           clarifying that accounting policies related to immaterial transactions, other events or conditions are themselves
             immaterial and as such need not be disclosed; and

           clarifying that not all accounting policies that relate to material transactions, other events or conditions are
             themselves material to a company's financial statements.

        The IASB also amended IFRS Practice Statement 2 to include guidance and two additional examples on the application
        of materiality to accounting policy disclosures.

        The amendments are consistent with the refined definition of material.
        The Group has applied the amendments in terms of IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2. The amendments did not have
        a material impact on the Group.

IFRS 17 Insurance contracts (new standard and amendments)
(Effective 1 January 2023)

In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17), a comprehensive new accounting standard for
insurance contracts covering recognition and measurement, presentation and disclosure. Once effective, IFRS 17 will
replace IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts (IFRS 4) that was issued in 2005. IFRS 17 applies to all types of insurance contracts
(i.e., life, non-life, direct insurance and re-insurance), regardless of the type of entities that issue them, as well as to
certain guarantees and financial instruments with discretionary participation features. A few scope exceptions will
apply. The overall objective of IFRS 17 is to provide an accounting model for insurance contracts that is more useful and
consistent for insurers. In contrast to the requirements in IFRS 4, which are largely based on grandfathering previous
local accounting policies, IFRS 17 provides a comprehensive model for insurance contracts, covering all relevant
accounting aspects.

The core of IFRS 17 is the general model, supplemented by:

 A specific adaptation for contracts with direct participation features (the variable fee approach)
 A simplified approach (the premium allocation approach) mainly for short-duration contracts

       IFRS 17 is effective for reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with comparative figures required.
       Early application is permitted, provided the Group also applies IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 on or before the date it first
       applies IFRS 17.

A number of amendments were made to the following aspects of IFRS 17:

 Scope of IFRS 17
 Measuring the contractual service margin (CSM)
 Transition to IFRS 17
 Accounting for direct participating contracts
 Accounting for reinsurance contracts held
 Presentation and disclosure requirements

Management has performed an assessment of the impact of the standard on its consolidated financial statements. The
new IFRS 17 standard did not have a material impact on the Group's consolidated financial statements. Management
continues to assess potential changes to IFRS 17.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 40
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

4. STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS EFFECTIVE AND NOT YET EFFECTIVE
        Standards and interpretations effective in the current year continued
        IAS 8 Definition of an accounting estimate (amendments)
        (Effective 1 January 2023)
        Clarifications regarding accounting estimates rather than accounting policies in order to reduce the diversity in practice.
        The amendments introduce a new definition for accounting estimates: clarifying that they are monetary amounts in the
        financial statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify the relationship
        between accounting policies and accounting estimates by specifying that a company develops an accounting estimate
        to achieve the objective set out by an accounting policy.
        Developing an accounting estimate includes both:
              · selecting a measurement technique (estimation or valuation technique) ­ e.g., an estimation technique used
                   to measure a loss allowance for expected credit losses when applying IFRS 9 Financial Instruments; and
              · choosing the inputs to be used when applying the chosen measurement technique ­ e.g., the expected cash
                   outflows for determining a provision for warranty obligations when applying IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent
                   Liabilities and Contingent Assets.
        The effects of changes in such inputs or measurement techniques are changes in accounting estimates.
        The amendments to IAS 8 did not have a material impact on the Group.

        Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes)
        (Effective 1 January 2023)
        The amendments narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption so that it does not apply to transactions that
        give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences arising on initial recognition of a lease and a decommissioning
        provision.
        The amendments to IAS 12 did not have a material impact on the Group.

        IAS 12 Income Taxes ­ International Tax Reform ­ Pillar Two Model Rules (amendments)
        (Effective 23 May 2023)
        The IASB has amended IAS 12 to introduce a temporary mandatory relief from accounting for deferred tax that arises
        from legislation implementing the GloBE model rules. Under the relief, companies are effectively exempt from providing
        for and disclosing deferred tax related to top-up tax. However, they need to disclose that they have applied the relief.
        The Group has disclosed the fact that they have applied the temporary relief which is effective immediately.

        Standards and interpretations not yet effective
        The Group has chosen not to early adopt the following standards and interpretations, which have been published and
        are mandatory for the Group's accounting periods beginning on or after 1 July 2023. All other standards and
        interpretations that are not disclosed have been assessed and are not applicable to the Group.

        IFRS 16 Lease liability in a sale-and-leaseback (amendments)
        (Effective 1 January 2024)
        The amendments confirm the following:

              · On initial recognition, the seller-lessee includes variable lease payments when it measures a lease liability
                   arising from a sale-and-leaseback transaction.

              · After initial recognition, the seller-lessee applies the general requirements for subsequent accounting of the
                   lease liability such that it recognises no gain or loss relating to the right of use it retains.

        A seller-lessee may adopt different approaches that satisfy the new requirements on subsequent measurement.
        The Group has assessed that the following amendment to the standards do not have an impact on the Group currently,
        it will be reconsidered in future as and when it does become applicable.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 41
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

4. STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS EFFECTIVE AND NOT YET EFFECTIVE continued
        Standards and interpretations not yet effective continued
        IAS 1 Non-current liabilities with covenants and classification of liabilities as current or non-current (amendments)
        (Effective 1 January 2024)
        Non-current liabilities with covenants
        After reconsidering certain aspects of the 2020 amendments, the IASB reconfirmed that only covenants with which a
        company must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of a liability as current or non-current.
        Covenants with which the company must comply after the reporting date (i.e., future covenants) do not affect a
        liability's classification at that date. However, when non-current liabilities are subject to future covenants, companies
        will now need to disclose information to help users understand the risk that those liabilities could become repayable
        within 12 months after the reporting date.
        The amendments also clarify how a company classifies a liability that can be settled in its own shares ­ e.g., convertible
        debt.
        When a liability includes a counterparty conversion option that involves a transfer of the company's own equity
        instruments, the conversion option is recognised as either equity or a liability separately from the host liability under
        IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation. The IASB has now clarified that when a company classifies the host liability
        as current or non-current, it can ignore only those conversion options that are recognised as equity.
        The group has taken note of the updated definition and will consider and apply going forward. At 30 June 2023, the
        Group no longer has any long-term debt with covenants or any liability with a conversion to equity option.
        Classification of liabilities as current or non-current
        To promote consistency in application and clarify the requirements on determining if a liability is current or non-current,
        the IASB has amended IAS 1.
        Under existing IAS 1 requirements, companies classify a liability as current when they do not have an unconditional right
        to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the end of the reporting period. As part of its
        amendments, the IASB has removed the requirement for a right to be unconditional and instead, now requires that a
        right to defer settlement must have substance and exist at the end of the reporting period.
        The Group is still in the process of determining the impact of the amendments to the accounting standard.

        IAS 7 and IFRS 7 Supplier finance arrangements
        (effective 1 January 2024)
        The amendments introduce two new disclosure objectives ­ one in IAS 7 and another in IFRS 7 ­ for a company to
        provide information about its supplier finance arrangements that would enable users (investors) to assess the effects
        of these arrangements on the company's liabilities and cash flows, and the company's exposure to liquidity risk.
        The Group has assessed that the following amendment to the standards do not have an impact on the Group currently,
        it will be reconsidered in future as and when it does become applicable.

        IFRS S1 General Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-related Financial Information and IFRS S2 Climate-
        related Disclosures (New Standards) (Effective 1 January 2024)
        The ISSB's first two standards are designed to be applied together, supporting companies to identify and report
        information that investors need for informed decision making ­ in other words, information that is expected to affect
        the assessments that investors make about companies' future cash flows.

        To achieve this, the general standard provides a framework for companies to report on all relevant sustainability-related
        topics across the areas of governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.
        This is supported by more detailed guidance on how to report on climate-related risks and opportunities in the climate
        standard. In the future, additional standards covering other topics are expected.
        The Group is still in the process of determining the impact of the new standards on the Group.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 42
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

4. STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS EFFECTIVE AND NOT YET EFFECTIVE continued
        Standards and interpretations not yet effective continued
        IAS 21 Lack of Exchangeability ­ (Amendments)

        (Effective 1 January 2025)

        Under IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, a company uses a spot exchange rate when translating
        a foreign currency transaction.
        However, in rare cases, it is possible that one currency cannot be exchanged into another. This lack of exchangeability
        might arise when a government imposes controls on capital imports and exports, for example, or when it provides an
        official exchange rate but limits the volume of foreign currency transactions that can be undertaken at that rate.

        Consequently, market participants are unable to buy and sell currency to meet their needs at the official exchange rate
        and turn instead to unofficial, parallel markets.
        In August 2023, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) amended IAS 21 to clarify:

         - when a currency is exchangeable into another currency; and
         - how a company estimates a spot rate when a currency lacks exchangeability.

        The Group has assessed that the following amendment to the standards do not have a material impact on the Group
        currently. It will be reconsidered in future as and when it does become applicable.

        IFRS 7 and IFRS 9 Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments (Amendments)
        (Effective 1 January 2026)

        Under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, it was unclear whether the contractual cash flows of some financial assets with ESG-
        linked features represented sole payments of principal and interest (SPPI), which is a condition for measurement at
        amortised cost. This could have resulted in financial assets with ESG-linked features being measured at fair value
        through profit or loss.
        Although the new amendments are more permissive, they apply to all contingent features, not just ESG-linked features.
        While the amendments may allow certain financial assets with contingent features to meet the SPPI criterion,
        companies may need to perform additional work to prove this. Judgement will be required in determining whether the
        new test is met.
        The amendments introduce an additional SPPI test for financial assets with contingent features that are not related
        directly to a change in basic lending risks or costs ­ e.g. where the cash flows change depending on whether the
        borrower meets an ESG target specified in the loan contract.
        Under the amendments, certain financial assets including those with ESG-linked features could now meet the SPPI
        criterion, provided that their cash flows are not significantly different from an identical financial asset without such a
        feature.
        The amendments also include additional disclosures for all financial assets and financial liabilities that have certain
        contingent features that are:

         · not related directly to a change in basic lending risks or costs; and
         · are not measured at fair value through profit or loss.

        The amendments clarify the key characteristics of contractually linked instruments (CLIs) and how they differ from
        financial assets with non-recourse features. The amendments also include factors that a company needs to consider
        when assessing the cash flows underlying a financial asset with non-recourse features (the `look through' test).
        The amendments require additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments that are measured at fair value
        with gains or losses presented in other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
        The Group is still in the process of determining the impact of the amendment on the Group.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 43
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

4. STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS EFFECTIVE AND NOT YET EFFECTIVE continued
        Standards and interpretations not yet effective continued
        IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (New standard)
        (Effective 1 January 2027)
        Under current IFRS Accounting Standards, companies use different formats to present their results, making it difficult
        for investors to compare financial performance across companies.
        IFRS 18 promotes a more structured income statement. In particular, it introduces a newly defined `operating profit'
        subtotal and a requirement for all income and expenses to be allocated between three new distinct categories based
        on a company's main business activities.
        The Group is still in the process of determining the impact of the new standard on the Group.

        IFRS 10 and IAS 28 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture
        (amendments)
        (Optional amendment)

        Resolves the conflict regarding how much of the gain on disposal the parent can recognise when control of a subsidiary
        is lost in a transaction with an associate or a joint venture.
        The Group has assessed that the amendment to the standards does not have an impact on the Group.

5. GOING CONCERN AND LIQUIDITY
        As detailed in note 1: Presentation of consolidated and separate financial statements and note 48: Events after the
        reporting period to the financial statements, in determining the appropriate basis of preparation of the financial
        statements, the board is required to consider whether the Group and Company can continue in operational existence
        for the foreseeable future. The financial performance of the Group and Company is dependent on the wider economic
        environment in which it operates.

        In concluding this assessment, the Board has taken the following considerations into account:

        Execution of plans
        · Return to profitability in the operating performance of the Infrastructure segment following the poor operational

                 performance in Southeast Asia in the prior year.
        · Continued profitability in the Building segment from a breakeven position in prior year. Improved operational

                 performance in Mining following the prior year operating loss.
        · Moolmans continues to invest in heavy mining equipment, with expansion and replacement capital expenditure

                 of A$35.0 million in the current year. The delivery of this equipment continues to improve production levels.
        · Full settlement of the Australian term debt facility of A$23.1 million.
        · Completion of the sale of the investment in Imvelo Concession Company Proprietary Limited, which brings the

                 non-core asset disposal plan to completion.
        · Updated budget and business plans for post year end up to 30 June 2026 for the Group, incorporating the

                 benefits already realised and expected from actions taken, as well as future benefits from improved liquidity to
                 be achieved.
        · Sensitivity testing of key inputs included in the operating and liquidity forecasts to ascertain the effect of non-
                 achievement of one or more key inputs (operational business performance), including any effect on the ongoing
                 compliance with covenant requirements in place with banks and other financing arrangements within the Group.
        · The continued monitoring of the South African short-term liquidity forecast management process.
        · Subsequent to year end, the Group negotiated and signed a term sheet for a new asset backed debt facility of
                 A$15.5 million. The facility to McConnell Dowell Corporation Limited will include the provision of security over
                 specific assets.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 44
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

5. GOING CONCERN AND LIQUIDITY continued
        The Group reported earnings for the 2024 financial year of A$25.7 million and an operating free cash inflow of A$97.9
        million. The Group continues to focus on improving operational performance, reducing overhead and improving
        working capital efficiencies. To this end, a number of Group initiatives have been concluded or are in progress.

        The Group has cash (net of bank overdraft facilities) of A$227.7 million at 30 June 2024 (2023: A$189.7 million), of which
        A$76.5 million (2023: A$79.4 million) is held in joint arrangements. Unutilised facilities amounted to A$10 million (2023:
        A$31 million).

        Liquidity, solvency and ongoing funding
        The Group continues to actively manage the liquidity and cash flow in two distinct liquidity pools, namely the Australian
        liquidity pool and the South African liquidity pool.

        The Infrastructure and Building segments reported a strong cash balance with sufficient cash and liquidity to support
        the order book. The term debt of A$23.1 million was fully settled in the current year. The Australia liquidity pool closed
        with a cash balance of A$232.5 million (2023: A$177.5 million).

        The South African Group liquidity pool remains tightly managed. Moolmans continued to finance the purchase of capital
        expenditure through new asset-backed financing of A$17 million in the year.

        Management updated the forecast up to the 2026 financial year end, as well as preparing cash flow forecasts covering
        a minimum of 12 months from the date of these audited consolidated annual financial statements. These forecasts have
        been prepared and reviewed by management to ensure that they have been accurately compiled using appropriate
        assumptions. The budgets, plans and forecasts have, together with the assumptions used, been interrogated, and
        approved by the Board.

        The Group's current assets of A$817.3 million exceeded its current liabilities of A$805.4 million at 30 June 2024.

        The Company's current assets of R232 million exceeded its current liabilities of R109 million at 30 June 2024.

        The forecasts indicate that the Group will have sufficient cash resources for the foreseeable future. All businesses are
        expected to perform in line with business plans and are therefore expected to generate sufficient cash to meet their
        obligations.

        The directors have considered all of the above up to the date of approval of these financial statements, including
        detailed consideration of the current position of all businesses, all business plans and forecasts, including all available
        information, and are therefore of the opinion that the going concern assumption is appropriate in the preparation of
        the Group and Company financial statements, and that sufficient liquidity will be available to support the ongoing
        operations of the Group, and that the realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities, including contingent liabilities
        and commitments, will occur in the ordinary course of business. Refer to notes 19: External borrowings and other
        liabilities and 48: Events after the reporting period.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 45
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

6. SEGMENTAL REPORT
        The reportable segments of the Group are components:
        · that engage in business activities from which they earn revenues and incur expenses; and
        · have operating results that are regularly reviewed by the Group's chief operating decision-makers to make
                 decisions about resources to be allocated to the segments and in the assessment of their performance as
                 required per IFRS 8 Operating Segments.

        Change in reportable segments
        In terms of IFRS 8 Operating Segments (IFRS 8) an entity is required to continually monitor its significant judgements
        and related facts and circumstances to determine whether changes in the identification or aggregation of operating
        segments and ultimately reportable segments are warranted.

        Our commitment to ensuring the success of our three businesses, McConnell Dowell, Built Environs and Moolmans,
        remains unwavering and in line with the objective of ensuring a sustainable future as an international engineering-led
        contractor focused on infrastructure, resources, and contract mining in selected markets.

        Under the new executive structure, Aveng segmented its existing businesses under three strong operating brands which
        makes up three distinct segments. The Infrastructure segment, which includes McConnell Dowell, operating in three
        geographical regions ­ Australia, New Zealand & Pacific Islands and Southeast Asia; the Building segment, which includes
        Built Environs and the Mining segment which includes Moolmans.

        Management believe the updated Group structure triggers an updated identification of operating segments in terms of
        IFRS 8.

        The following reportable segments were presented which were largely organised and managed separately according to
        the nature of products and services provided:
        · Infrastructure
        · Building
        · Mining
        · Aveng Legacy
        · Aveng Corporate and eliminations
        The reportable segments are presented per their classification in the disclosure of the segmental statement of
        comprehensive earnings and segmental statement of financial position in this note.

        Prior year reportable segments have been restated to align with the new reportable segments identified in terms of
        IFRS 8.

        Details on the reportable segments are as follows:
        6.1.1 Infrastructure

                 This segment comprises McConnell Dowell and operates in three geographical regions - Australia, New Zealand
                 & Pacific Islands, and Southeast Asia.

                 McConnell Dowell is an engineering-led specialist in multidisciplinary contract work, delivering infrastructure
                 solutions in the resources, energy, marine and water and civil and transport sectors.

        6.1.2 Building
                 This segment comprises Built Environs.

                 Built Environs in an infrastructure-led specialist with experience in the sport, health and science, defence,
                 education, residential, commercial, retail, industrial and infrastructure sectors.

        6.1.3 Mining
                 This segment comprises Moolmans, a tier-one contract mining business operating in Africa with a primary focus
                 on open cast mining.

        6.1.4 Aveng Legacy
                 This segment comprises the close out of assets and liabilities related to the disposals of a limited number of
                 historical contracts not transferred as part of the Aveng Construction: South Africa disposals (Aveng Legacy) in
                 prior years.

        6.1.5 Aveng Corporate and eliminations
                 This segment comprises Group corporate services in South Africa and Australia (Aveng Corporate), the balance
                 of corporate held investments and properties.

                 Included in this segment is the elimination entries required as part of the Group Consolidation.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 46
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

6. SEGMENTAL REPORT continued

                                                                                                                          Aveng Corporate and

                                   Infrastructure             Building              Mining              Aveng Legacy      eliminations                                              Total

                                     2024            2023       2024       2023       2024      2023      2024     2023     2024                                          2023        2024      2023*
                                   A$'000          A$'000     A$'000     A$'000     A$'000    A$'000    A$'000   A$'000   A$'000                                        A$'000      A$'000     A$'000

Continuing operations               2 417 087 1 970 253 419 115 228 678 268 835 242 347                     795   1 591 (50 476) (37 442) 3 055 356 2 405 427
Revenue                            (2 272 928) (1 944 285) (399 239) (219 756) (253 153) (233 776)      (4 949)  (5 000) 50 476 36 229 (2 879 793) (2 366 588)
Cost of sales

Gross earnings / (loss)            144 159 25 968 19 876                 8 922      15 682    8 571 (4 154) (3 409)                                                - (1 213) 175 563 38 839

Operating earnings / (loss)        57 386          (49 084)   8 637      138        2 012 (9 577) (5 052) (4 894) (28 505) (23 375) 34 478 (86 792)
                                          -               12       -
before capital items                                                     -          (8 120) (1 112)     42            43                                           773  1 738 (7 305)          681
Capital earnings / (expenses)**

Finance earnings                   6 041           3 420      1 348      237        716       906       20            -   3 454                                         2 075 11 579           6 638

Finance expenses                   (2 754) (1 271)            (38)       (43) (11 148) (3 292)          (983)         (172) (7 746) (12 195) (22 669) (16 973)

Earnings / (loss) before taxation  60 673 (46 923)            9 947      332 (16 540) (13 075) (5 973) (5 023) (32 024) (31 757) 16 083 (96 446)
Taxation                                                           -
                                   5 018           -                     -          4 591     4 295     139           -   (91)                                          386         9 657      4 681

Earnings / (loss) for the year     65 691 (46 923)            9 947      332 (11 949) (8 780) (5 834) (5 023) (32 115) (31 371) 25 740 (91 765)

Discontinued operations

Loss for the year                  -               -          -          -          -         -         -             -   (80) (12 206)                                             (80) (12 206)

Other material expenses included in cost of sales

Sub-contractors                    1 080 395       876 420    354 210    170 354           -       16   1 450      843    (50 476)                                      (38 208)    1 385 579  1 009 425
Employee costs                       416 238       334 551     23 975     13 819    66 971    66 261      517      562             -                                             -    507 701    415 193
                                                   342 818     13 427     26 913                             4   1 781             -                                             -    407 199    377 896
Materials                          384 430         202 637            -          -   9 338     6 384         -                     -                                             -    236 393    209 415
                                                   151 973       7 295      9 685    5 318     6 778         -        -            -                                             -    117 107    161 658
Plant costs                        231 075                                                                            -
                                                                                           -         -
Project costs                      109 812

* Prior year information has been restated in order to align with the new reportable segments identified in terms of IFRS 8.
** Included in capital expenses is A$7.8 million relating to the impairment of equipment in the mining segment. Refer to note 36: Impairments for further detail.

                                                                                                        Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                      0407
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

6. SEGMENTAL REPORT continued

                                                  Infrastructure     Building        Mining                                         Aveng Legacy        Aveng Corporate        Total
                                                                                                                                      2024 2023         and eliminations    2024 2023*
                                                  2024 2023          2024      2023  2024                                     2023                                        A$'000 A$'000
                                                                                                                                    A$'000 A$'000           2024 2023
                                                  Note A$'000 A$'000 A$'000 A$'000 A$'000 A$'000                                                         A$'000 A$'000

Continuing and discontinued

operations

Earnings / (loss) before interest, taxation,

depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)

Operating earnings / (loss) before capital items  57 386 (49 084)    8 637       138 2 012 (9 577)                                  (5 052)   (4 894)   (28 505)    (6 187) 34 478 (69 604)
Depreciation                                      26 621 24 898        525     1 095 42 591 35 394                                         -         -       159     3 136 69 896 64 523
                                                                                                                                           -         -           -
Amortisation                                      -               -  -         -     -                                        -                                     43    -                                  43
                                                                                                                                    (5 052)   (4 894)   (28 346)
EBITDA                                            84 007 (24 186) 9 162 1 233 44 603 25 817                                         (5 094)   (5 066)   (28 643)    (3 008) 104 374 (5 038)

Normalised earnings for the year                  6.2 60 673 (46 935) 9 947    332 (11 624) (9 892)                                  6 260     3 426     46 103     (21 091) 25 259 (82 652)
                                                                                                                                     9 506    13 068     86 696
Total assets                                      891 080 668 900 40 640 46 094 278 588 286 056                                                                     84 252 1 262 671 1 088 728
                                                                                                                                           -         -         41
Total liabilities                                 673 175 522 754 84 680 61 577 126 656 131 554                                                                     108 439 980 713 837 392

Capital expenditure                               26 734 18 976      -         - 34 982 88 245                                                                      4 579 61 757 111 800

* Prior year information has been restated in order to align with the new reportable segments identified in terms of IFRS 8.

                                                                                                                                    Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  0408
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

6. SEGMENTAL REPORT continued

The Group operates in four principal geographical areas:

                                                                                       New

                                                                                       Zealand and Southeast   Other

                               South Africa Australia Pacific Islands                               Asia      regions    Total
                                                                                                 A$'000       A$'000   A$'000
                               A$'000 A$'000                                           A$'000

2024

Revenue                        269 632 2 216 345                                       425 561   143 818           -   3 055 356
Operating earnings / (loss)    (15 990) 29 681                                          24 770    (4 215)       236       34 482
                                                                                                                          61 757
Capital expenditure            35 023 16 091                                           8 343     2 300             -
                                                                                                              1 246    1 262 671
Segment assets                 293 271 738 472                                         134 301 95 380

2023                           585 258 1 730 840                                       315 958 114 692        2 279    2 749 027
Revenue
                                                                                                                   -   2 405 427
Continuing operations          243 937 1 730 840                                       315 958 114 692        2 279      343 600
Discontinued operations
                               341 321                    -                            -         -            (591)      (69 604)
                                                                                                              (591)     (86 792)
Operating earnings / (loss)     (3 145)                   1 780                        18 094     (85 742)
Continuing operations          (20 333)                   1 780                        18 094    (85 742)*         -      17 188
Discontinued operations
                                17 188                         -                              -            -       -     111 800
                                                                                                                   -     107 385
Capital expenditure            92 824                     6 955                        8 736     3 285             -
Continuing operations          88 409                     6 955                        8 736     3 285                      4 415
Discontinued operations                                                                                         595
                                4 415                          -                            -         -                1 088 728

Segment assets                 343 831 524 957                                         127 039 92 306

*     Includes the impact of the losses on the Batangas LNG project of A$104 million.

6.2 Normalised performance measures
        The term normalised refers to performance measures (earnings for the year and earnings per share) excluding the
        effects of specific non-recurring items relating to the capital restructure of the Group, IFRS 5 adjustments and
        adjustments in respect of non-core assets. Impairment of plant and equipment, although non-recurring, is included in
        normalised earnings as management considers this important to the underlying sustainable performance of the Group.
        Non-recurring items are either income or expenses which do not occur regularly as part of the normal activities of the
        company. They are presented separately because they are important for the understanding of the underlying
        sustainable performance of the company due to their size or nature.

        Normalised measures are additional measures used by management and should not replace the measures determined
        in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as an indicator of the Group's performance, but rather should be used in
        conjunction with the most directly comparable IFRS Accounting Standards measures.

                                                          Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 49
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

6.  SEGMENTAL REPORT continued

6.2 Normalised performance measures continued

    Management is responsible for managing performance, underlying risks and the effectiveness of operations.

    Internally, management uses these normalised performances as measures of segment performance and to make

    decisions regarding the allocation of resources.

    Detailed reconciliation of earnings for the year under IFRS Accounting Standards to normalised results are provided

    below:

                                                                         2024                                                   2023

                                                                         A$'000   A$'000

    Earnings for the year                                                25 660   (103 971)
    Continuing operations                                                25 740    (91 765)
    Discontinued operations                                                        (12 206)
                                                                            (80)

    Non-recurring items                                                       -        263
    Impairment loss on equity-accounted investments                       161              -
    Impairment loss of loan with joint venture                           (985)
    Reversal of impairment loss on right-of-use assets                             (1 981)
    Loss / (gain) on disposal of Held for Sale                              86    (13 331)
    Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                     343
                                                                                       607

    Exchange differences on translating foreign operations reclassified

    to earnings or loss on derecognition                                 (6)      35 761

    Normalised earnings / (loss) for the year1                           25 259   (82 652)

    Normalised earnings / (loss) per share - basic (cents)2              19.7                                  (65.5)

    Normalised earnings / (loss) per share - diluted (cents)3            19.2                                  (65.5)

    1. Normalised earnings / (loss) for the year adjusts the earnings for the year for the impact of non-recurring items such as impairment losses,
         reversal of impairment losses, fair value adjustments of disposal groups classified as Held for Sale and gains or losses recognised on the sale of
         Held for Sale CGUs and exchange differences on translating foreign operations reclassified to earnings or loss on derecognition. The adjustments
         for non-recurring items are not expected to re-occur on a continuing basis.

    2. Normalised earnings / (loss) per share - basic is calculated by dividing the normalised earnings / (loss) for the year by the weighted average
         number of shares. Refer to note 37: Earnings and Headline Earnings for the determination of the weighted average number of shares.

    3. Normalised earnings / (loss) per share - diluted is calculated by dividing the normalised earnings / (loss) for the year by the diluted weighted
         average number of shares. Refer to note 37: Earnings and Headline Earnings for the determination of diluted weighted average number of
         shares.

                                                             Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 50
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Reconciliation of property, plant and equipment

                                               Land and   Equipment

                                               buildings  and vehicles                                            Total

                                               A$'000     A$'000        A$'000

2024                                           6 192      437 488       443 680
Cost                                                -      61 757        61 757
Opening balance
Additions                                       (13)      (53 269)      (53 282)
Disposals                                      (110)         6 084         5 974
Foreign exchange movements

                                               6 069      452 060       458 129

Accumulated depreciation and impairment        (1 162)    (205 962)     (207 124)
Opening balance                                     (4)    (45 900)      (45 904)
Current year depreciation*                          13       38 730        38 743
Disposals                                             -      (7 786)       (7 786)
Impairment                                            9        (379)         (370)
Foreign exchange movements

                                               (1 144)    (221 297)     (222 441)

                                               4 925      230 763       235 688

2023                                           7 069      459 497       466 566
Cost
Opening balance

Additions                                      -          111 800       111 800

Disposals                                      (266)      (45 539)      (45 805)

Classified as Held for Sale - transferred out  -          (80 799)      (80 799)

Foreign exchange movements                     (611)      (7 471)       (8 082)

                                               6 192      437 488       443 680

Accumulated depreciation and impairment        (1 981)    (244 801)     (246 782)
Opening balance

Current year depreciation*                     (9)        (46 776)      (46 785)

Disposals                                      210        31 767                                                  31 977

Classified as held for Sale - transferred out  -          63 702                                                  63 702

Foreign exchange movements                     618        (9 854)       (9 236)

                                               (1 162)    (205 962)     (207 124)

                                               5 030      231 526       236 556

* Depreciation included in cost of sales amounted to A$44.9 million (2023: A$46.7 million) and depreciation included in operating expenses amounted
to A$0.9million (2023: A$0.7million). Refer to note 28: Cost of sales and note 30: Operating expenses. An amount of A$0.9 million is included in the
discontinued operations cost of sales and operating expenses for the period to 31 December 2022, before Trident Steel was classified as Held for Sale.

The Group reviews the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment at the end of each reporting period.
A register containing the information required by Regulation 25(3) of the Companies Regulations, 2011 is available for
inspection at the registered offices of the operating entities within the Group.

Pledged as security
The Group has pledged certain plant and machinery as security for certain interest-bearing borrowings (refer to note 19:
Borrowings and other liabilities).

                                               Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 51
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

8. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
   Reconciliation of right-of-use assets

                                                                                           Land and Equipment

                                                                                           buildings and vehicles  Total

                                                                                           A$'000     A$'000       A$'000

2024                                                                                       48 927     16 439        65 366
Cost                                                                                       17 218     25 252        42 470
Opening balance                                                                            (5 812)    (4 686)      (10 498)
Additions
Derecognitions**                                                                               337        524           861
Foreign exchange movements

                                                                                           60 670     37 529       98 199

Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                    (21 432)    (4 988)     (26 420)
Opening balance                                                                            (12 783)   (11 210)     (23 993)
Current year depreciation*
Reversal of impairment previously recognised                                                    964            -        964
Derecognitions**                                                                              5 493      4 647      10 140
Foreign exchange movements                                                                               (402)
                                                                                                  46                  (356)

                                                                                           (27 712)   (11 953)     (39 665)

                                                                                           32 958     25 576       58 534

2023                                                                                       91 881     11 201       103 082
Cost
Opening balance

Additions                                                                                  20 246     14 352       34 598

Disposals                                                                                  (1 990)    (5 821)      (7 811)

Classified as Held for Sale - transferred out                                              (48 780)          -     (48 780)
Foreign exchange movements                                                                 (12 430)   (3 293)      (15 723)

                                                                                           48 927     16 439       65 366

Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                    (45 400)   (3 914)      (49 314)
Opening balance

Current year depreciation*                                                                 (6 124)    (11 614)     (17 738)

Reversal of impairment previously recognised                                                1 980          -        1 980
Derecognitions**                                                                                40    3 831         3 871
Classified as held for Sale - transferred out                                                                      20 906
                                                                                           20 906          -

Foreign exchange movements                                                                 7 166      6 709        13 875

                                                                                           (21 432)   (4 988)      (26 420)

                                                                                           27 495     11 451       38 946

* Depreciation included in cost of sales amounted to A$19.8 million (2023: A$10.9 million) and depreciation included in operating expenses
        amounted to A$4.1 million (2023: A$4.5 million). Refer to note 28: Cost of sales and note 30: Operating expenses. An amount of A$2.3 million is
        included in the discontinued operations cost of sales and operating expenses for the period to 31 December 2022, before Trident Steel was
        classified as Held for Sale.

** Lease arrangements expired in the year and right-of-use assets returned to the vendor.

                                               Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                                         00 52
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

9. GOODWILL ARISING ON CONSOLIDATION                2024     2023
                                                 A$'000    A$'000
      Cost
      Opening balance                            89 401    89 401
                                                 89 401    89 401
      Accumulated impairment
      Opening balance                           (81 472)  (81 472)
                                                (81 472)  (81 472)
      Carrying amount
                                                   7 929     7 929

10. INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENTS                    2024       2023
                                                A$'000    A$'000
     South African infrastructure investments
     Opening balance                            11 319     12 600
     Foreign currency translation                   339    (1 281)
                                                           11 319
     Reconciliation of investments              11 658
     Dimopoint Proprietary Limited (Dimopoint)             11 319
                                                11 658     11 319
                                                11 658

                                                Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 53
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

11. DEFERRED TAXATION

                                                              2024      2023
                                                            A$'000    A$'000

Reconciliation of deferred taxation asset                   80 164    65 494
At the beginning of the year

Recognised in earnings or loss - current year               25 100    14 825

Recognised in earnings or loss - adjustment for prior year  (108)                                                         -
Foreign currency translation movement and other
Reallocation from deferred taxation liability               118                                                           (75)

                                                            -                                                             (80)

                                                            105 274   80 164

Reconciliation of deferred taxation liability               (17 390)  (10 738)
At the beginning of the year

Recognised in earnings or loss - current year               (6 572)   (7 048)

Recognised in earnings or loss - adjustment for prior year  175                                                           270

Reallocation to deferred taxation asset                     -                                                             80

Foreign currency translation movement and other             (47)                                                          46

                                                            (23 834)  (17 390)

Deferred taxation asset balance at year-end comprises       1 472     1 753
Accelerated capital allowances

Provisions                                                  17 640    14 979

Contracts                                                   6 037     5 179

Other                                                       13 724    8 856

Assessed losses carried forward                             66 401    49 397

                                                            105 274   80 164

Deferred taxation liability balance at year-end comprises   (4 779)   (1 434)
Accelerated capital allowances

Provisions                                                  269                                                           -

Contracts                                                   (104)     (1 036)

Other                                                       (19 220)  (14 920)

                                                            (23 834)  (17 390)

The Group results include a number of legal statutory entities within a number of taxation jurisdictions.
As at June 2024 the Group had unused taxation losses of A$960 million (2023: A$907 million) available for offset against
future profits. A deferred taxation asset has been recognised in respect of A$227 million (2023: A$180 million) of such
losses. No deferred taxation asset has been recognised in respect of the remaining A$733 million (2023: A$727 million)
due to the uncertainty of future taxable profits in the related legal entities.

The Group has applied the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities
related to Pillar Two income taxes.

In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) released a draft legislative
framework for a global minimum tax that is expected to be used by individual jurisdictions. The framework aims to
reduce profit shifting from one jurisdiction to another, in order to reduce global tax obligations in corporate structures.
In March 2022, the OECD released detailed technical guidance on Pillar Two of the rules and in February 2023 further
administrative guidance. Although both Australia and South African governments have announced that it would adopt
Pillar Two rules that will effectively apply for years of assessment commencing on or after 1 January 2024, i.e. the
Group's financial year ended 30 June 2025, the legislation has not substantially been enacted. The Group is in the
process of performing an analysis of the impact of the Global Pillar Two model.

Unused tax losses
The Group performed a five-year forecast for the financial years 2025 to 2029, which is the key evidence that supports
the recognition of deferred taxation assets. The forecast specifically focused on Aveng Australia Holdings consolidated
group.

                                                       Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024        00 54
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

12. CONTRACT ASSETS / (LIABILITIES)                                                             2024        2023
                                                                                              A$'000      A$'000
         Uncertified claims and variations (underclaims)1                                   188 819     155 757
         Contract contingencies                                                             (28 245)    (12 758)
         Progress billings received (including overclaims and early customer receipts)2/5  (214 957)   (172 475)
         Uncertified claims and variations less progress billings received                  (54 383)    (29 476)
         Contract receivables3                                                              360 361     269 385
         Provision for expected credit loss                                                   (1 759)
         Retention receivables4                                                               11 357        (191)
         Net contract assets                                                                315 576       10 214
         Disclosed on the statement of financial position as follows:                                   249 932
         Uncertified claims and variations1                                                 188 819
         Contract contingencies                                                             (28 245)    155 757
         Contract receivables                                                               360 361     (12 758)
         Retention receivables                                                                          269 385
         Provision for expected credit losses                                                 11 357
         Contract assets                                                                      (1 759)     10 214
         Progress billings received (including overclaims and early customer receipts)2/5   530 533         (191)
                                                                                           (214 957)
                                                                                                        422 407
                                                                                                       (172 475)

Contract liabilities                                                                       (214 957)   (172 475)

Net contract assets                                                                        315 576     249 932

1  Includes revenue not yet certified ­ recognised over time / measurement and agreed variations, less provisions and deferred contract

   costs.

2  Progress billings are amounts billed for work performed above revenue recognised.

3  Amounts invoiced still due from customers.

4  Retentions are amounts invoiced but not paid until the conditions specified in the contract are fulfilled or until defects have been rectified.

5  Early customer receipts are amounts received from the customer before the related work is performed. These conditions are anticipated to

   be fulfilled within the following 12 months.

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Expected credit losses

Contract assets

As at 30 June 2024, the Group has contract assets of A$309 million (2023: A$250 million) which is net of the provision

for expected credit loss of A$2 million (2023: Less than A$1 million).

Trade and other receivables
As at 30 June 2024, the Group has financial assets of A$25 million (2023: A$30 million). The provision for expected

credit loss relating to financial assets is less than A$1 million (2023: Less than A$1 million).

Credit terms
Contract assets comprise amounts owing to the Group in the normal course of business. Terms vary in accordance
with contracts of supply and service and across business units but are generally on 30-to-60-day terms from date of
invoice. Indebtedness is generally interest free while within the terms of the original contract. No customers had sales
larger than 10% of total revenue.

Progress billings received (including overclaims and early customer receipts)

Significant changes in the contract liabilities balances during the year are as follows:

                                                                                             2024        2023
                                                                                           A$'000      A$'000

Revenue recognised that was included in the progress billings received (including             77 746    68 514
overclaims and early customer receipts) at the beginning of the year                       (120 228)   (92 488)
Increases due to cash received, excluding amounts recognised as revenue during
the year

                                                 Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                       00 55
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

13. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                             2024                                    2023
                                                                                           A$'000                                  A$'000

Financial assets                                                                                 9                                        -
Trade receivables                                                                          24 335                                  29 969
Sundry receivables
Provision for expected credit losses                                                        (156)                                   (153)

Non-financial assets                                                                       6 310                                   4 257
Prepayments

                                                                                           30 498                                  34 073

The carrying amount of trade and other receivables approximates its fair value due to its short-term maturity.

Credit terms
Trade and other receivables comprise amounts owing to the Group in the normal course of business. Terms vary in
accordance with contracts of supply and service and across business units but are generally on 30-to-60-day terms from
date of invoice. Indebtedness is generally interest free while within the terms of the original contract. No customers had
sales larger than 10% of total revenue.

Refer to note 46: Risk management for further details regarding the credit risk exposure.

Expected credit losses on Trade and other receivables
Refer to note 12: Contract assets / (liabilities) - Expected Credit Losses for additional information.

14. INVENTORIES

                                                                                           2024                                       2023
                                                                                                                                   A$'000
Consumables                                                                                A$'000                                   21 411
                                                                                           20 988
                                                                                                                                      (536)
Allowance for obsolete inventory                                                           (449)                                    20 875

                                                                                           20 539                                     1 154
                                                                                                                                        319
Reconciliation of movement in allowance for obsolete inventory                                 536
Opening balance                                                                             8 568                                     (797)
                                                                                           (8 672)                                    (140)
Allowance created
                                                                                                17                                      536
Allowance released                                                                                                                 299 108

Foreign exchange movements

                                                                                           449

Inventories utilised in cost of sales during the year                                      362 050

There is no inventory included in the Infrastructure, Building and Mining segments that has been written off in the current year.

                                                       Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                     00 56
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

15. LEASE RECEIVABLES
        The Group is an intermediate lessor in incidental situations. It subleased to external parties its lease to right-of-use land
        and buildings (head lease) relating to businesses that were sold. The sub-leases of right-of-use land and buildings are
        classified as a finance lease. The sublease payments are fixed and approximate the payments under the head lease.

Finance sublease receivable (net investment in a finance lease) amounts to A$32 million (2023: A$38 million) as at 30
June 2024. The interest income recognised in the current year is A$4 million (2023: A$1 million).

There were no expected credit losses on lease receivables in the current or prior year.

Maturity profile of lease receivables

The maturity profile of the lease receivable is summarised below. These profiles represent the undiscounted cash flows
that are expected to occur in the future.

                                                                                            2024      2023
                                                                                          A$'000    A$'000

Future minimum lease payments in relation to non-cancellable finance                      11 037    10 198
rseucbeleivaasbelseaarsefollows:                                                          11 920    10 995
- year one                                                                                12 873    11 871
- year two                                                                                          12 827
- year three                                                                               2 172
- year four                                                                                      -   2 071
- year five                                                                                         (9 590)
Less: future finance income                                                               (6 005)   38 372
                                                                                          31 997    31 913
Present value of minimum lease                                                            23 950
Non-current assets                                                                                   6 459
Current assets                                                                             8 047

16. CASH AND BANK BALANCES                                                                   2024      2023
       Cash and bank balances                                                             A$'000    A$'000
                                                                                          227 678   189 667

Cash and bank balances at the end of the year include the following cash and              76 474    79 354

bbaalnaknces that are restricted from immediate use by the general Group, and is
aovnalyilable for use by the respective joint operations:
Group share of cash held by joint operations

Finance earnings
Cash at banks earn finance earnings at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.

Notional bank overdrafts
The notional bank overdraft arises as a result of the pooling of cash approach adopted at a South African Group liquidity
Level. In terms of this approach, entities within the South African liquidity group may have positive bank balances or
notional overdrafts. At a South African Group liquidity level, a positive cash balance is noted. Refer to note 46: Risk
management for further disclosure on the Group's exposure to credit risk.

Expected credit losses
The expected credit loss provision for cash and bank balances is immaterial.

                               Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024             00 57
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

17. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
        Sales finalised in the current year
        Construction and Engineering: South Africa
        Infrastructure assets and equity-accounted investments
        The disposal of the investment in Imvelo Concession Company Proprietary Limited was completed in the current year
        for A$4.4 million (R55 million). The disposal does not require separate disclosure in terms of the JSE Listings
        Requirements.

18. STATED CAPITAL                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                                   A$'000          A$'000
        Authorised
        Ordinary shares                                                                              361 764 068    361 764 068
        Number of shares - no par value                                                                   898 635        898 635
        Value (A$'000)
        Class A shares                                                                             1 000 000 000   1000 000 000
        Number of shares - no par value                                                                   466 853        466 853
        Value (A$'000)

Issued

Ordinary shares                                                                                    127 135 041           127 135 041
Number of shares - no par value                                                                         543 395                541 130
Value (A$'000)
                                                                                                                            4 155 979
Class A shares                                                                                     4 155 979                      3 535
Number of shares - no par value**                                                                       3 535
Value (A$'000)                                                                                                                 544 665

Stated capital (A$)                                                                                546 930                      12 037
                                                                                                                                       9
Treasury shares                                                                                    12 037
Shares held by the Aveng Limited Share Purchase Trust                                                    7                        1 577
- Number of shares                                                                                                                     *

- Market value (A$'000)                                                                                                     5 343 186
                                                                                                                                  5 179
Shares held by the Aveng Management Company Proprietary Limited                                    1 577
- Number of shares                                                                                      *          Number of shares
                                                                                                                         129 483 343
- Market value (A$'000)                                                                                                                 -
                                                                                                                            1 807 677
Shares held in terms of equity-settled share-based payment plan                                    2 897 646             131 291 020
- Number of shares                                                                                      1 652              (5 356 800)
                                                                                                                         125 934 220
- Market value (A$'000)

Reconciliation of number of shares issued                        Number of shares
Opening balance                                                         131 291 020
Share consolidation                                                                   -
                                                                                      -
Share issue - Equity-settled share-based payment plan

Closing balance                                                                                    131 291 020
Less: treasury shares                                                                               (2 911 260)

Number of shares in issue excluding treasury shares                                                128 379 760

*       Amounts less than A$1000.

**      Aveng Class A Shares rank pari passu with Aveng Ordinary Shares (save for voting rights).

                                                       Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 58
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL                                                       Number of    Holding
STATEMENTS CONTINUED                                                                                  shares
                                                                                                                15.5%
for the year ended 30 June 2024                                                                  20 389 458     13.1%
                                                                                                 17 218 311
18. STATED CAPITAL continued                                                                                     7.0%
                                                                                                  9 214 024      5.5%
         The top ten beneficial holders (including Class A shares) of the Group as                7 262 482      4.3%
         At 30 June 2024 are entities (or clients of these entities in aggregate) listed below:   5 651 730      2.1%
         Highbridge Capital Management LLC (US)                                                   2 733 403      1.9%
         Whitebox Advisors LLC (US)                                                               2 531 452      1.2%
         Absa Bank Ltd (ZA)                                                                       1 612 843      1.2%
         Steyn Capital Ltd (ZA)                                                                   1 610 655      1.1%
         Ninety One (ZA)                                                                          1 373 965     52.9%
         ATM Holding GmbH (DE)                                                                   69 598 323
         Biccard, John (ZA)**
         Macartney, Adrian Henry (ZA)***
         Flanagan, Sean Joseph (ZA)***
         Perspective Investment Management (Pty) Ltd (ZA)**

The top ten beneficial holders (including Class A shares) of the Group as                        Number of    Holding
At 30 June 2023 are entities (or clients of these entities in aggregate) listed below:                shares
Highbridge Capital Management LLC (US)                                                                         15.5%
Whitebox Advisors LLC (US)                                                                       20 389 458    13.1%
Absa Bank Ltd (ZA)                                                                               17 218 311
Steyn Capital Ltd (ZA)                                                                                           7.0%
Standard Bank Issuer Services Settle Acc (ZA)*                                                    9 214 115      5.8%
Ninety One (ZA)                                                                                   7 658 307      4.5%
ATM Holding GmbH (DE)                                                                             5 956 307      4.3%
Macartney, Adrian Henry (ZA)                                                                      5 651 730      2.1%
Flanagan, Sean Joseph (ZA)                                                                        2 730 862      1.0%
Firstrand Retirement Fund (ZA)*                                                                   1 259 743      1.0%
                                                                                                  1 257 555      0.9%
                                                                                                  1 122 146    55.2%
                                                                                                 72 458 534

*    Shareholder no longer in the top 10.

**   Shareholder was not in the top 10 in prior year.

***  Director of Aveng Limited.

                                                       Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 59
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

18. STATED CAPITAL continued

Public and non-public shareholding (including Class A shares) as at 30 June 2024:

                                                Number of  % of total                      Number of     % of issued
                                                                                                 shares       capital
                                                holders shareholders                                            5.7%
                                                                                             7 470 433
Non-public shareholders                         12                                 0.04%                        3.9%
                                                                                             5 166 065         <0.1%
Directors and prescribed officers               8                                  0.03%        12 037         <0.1%
Aveng Limited Share Purchase Trust                                                                1 577
Aveng Management Company Proprietary Limited    1          <0.01%                                               1.7%
Aveng equity-settled share-based payment plans                                               2 273 585         <0.1%
Community Investment Trust                      1          <0.01%                               17 173
                                                                                                               94.3%
                                                1          <0.01%                         123 820 587
                                                                                                                100%
                                                1          <0.01%                         131 291 020

Public shareholders                             30 711     99.96%

Total                                           30 723                             100%

Public and non-public shareholding (including Class A shares) as at 30 June 2023% of issued capital

Non-public shareholders                         12                                 0.03%  9 138 163                 7.0%
                                                                                                                    2.9%
Directors and prescribed officers               8                                  0.02%  3 764 255                <0.1%
Aveng Limited Share Purchase Trust                                                                                 <0.1%
Aveng Management Company Proprietary Limited    1          <0.01%                         12 037                    4.1%
Aveng equity-settled share-based payment plans                                                                     <0.1%
Community Investment Trust                      1          <0.01%                         1 577                    93.0%

                                                1          <0.01%                         5 343 121                100%

                                                1          <0.01%                         17 173

Public shareholders                             34 511     99.97% 122 152 857

Total                                           34 523                             100% 131 291 020

                                                Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 60
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

19. EXTERNAL BORROWINGS AND OTHER LIABILITIES                               2024      2023
                                                                          A$'000    A$'000
           Borrowings held at amortised cost comprise:
           Credit and term facilities                                            -  25 017
           - within one year                                                     -  25 017
           - between two and five years                                          -
           Asset-backed financing arrangements                            54 026           -
           - within one year                                              19 090    56 252
           - between two and five years                                   34 936    16 091
           Total borrowings held at amortised cost                        54 026    40 161
           Interest rate structure                                                  81 269
           Fixed and variable (interest rates)                                 21
           Fixed - short-term                                             34 936     2 071
           Variable - long-term                                           19 069    40 161
           Variable - short-term                                          54 026    39 037
                                                                                    81 269

                                                                          2024                                             2023

Description                 Terms                       Rate of interest  A$'000    A$'000

Credit and term facilities  Settled March 2024          Fixed interest    -                                                1 912
Short-term financing                                    rate of 7,7%
(A$)

Short-term debt facility    Settled June 2024           Variable          -         23 105
                                                        interest rate at
                                                        BBSY + 4%

Asset-backed financing arrangements

Facilities denominated      Monthly instalment          Fixed range of    21                                               159
                                                        2.99% to 6.41%
in A$                       ending February 2025

Hire purchase               Monthly instalments         South African     38 211    45 177
agreement (USD)             ending February 2027        Prime + 1,75%

Facilities denominated      Up to 24 months             South African     7 669                                            -

in USD                                                  Prime + 1,75%

Hire purchase               Monthly instalments         South African     8 125     10 916
agreement (ZAR)             ending March 2027           Prime

 Total interest-bearing borrowings                                        54 026    81 269

 Amount less than R1 million.

Unutilised borrowing facilities
At 30 June 2024, the Group had available A$10 million (includes bank overdraft facilities of A$10 million) (2023: A$31

million (includes bank overdraft facilities of A$16 million)) of unutilised borrowing facilities.

                                                        Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 61
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

19. BORROWINGS AND OTHER LIABILITIES continued
19.1 Borrowings held at amortised cost continued

        Asset-backed financing arrangements

        Infrastructure and Building
        There were no asset-backed finance facilities in the current year (2023: A$0.2 million).

Mining
The business entered into asset-backed finance arrangements to fund the acquisition of various items of plant and
machinery.

The total asset-backed finance facilities amounted to A$54 million. The amount outstanding on these facilities as at year
end was A$54 million. These asset-backed arrangements were secured by plant and equipment with a net carrying
amount of A$68 million.

The following is summarised financial information of the Group's asset-backed financing arrangements:

                                                                                                  2024            2023

Asset-backed financing arrangements are payable as follows:                                        A$'000    A$'000
Minimum payments due
- within one year                                                                                   25 114    22 308
- in two to five years                                                                              39 509    48 524
Less: future finance charges                                                                      (10 597)  (14 580)
                                                                                                             56 252
Present value of minimum payments                                                                 54 026

20. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                                    2024      2023
                                                                                                  A$'000    A$'000

Opening balance                                                                                    91 992    92 191
New leases                                                                                         42 470    34 951
Lease instalments                                                                                 (41 842)  (30 872)
Interest on lease liabilities                                                                      10 044
Derecognitions                                                                                     (1 101)     8 101
Unrealised foreign exchange movements                                                                        (5 190)
                                                                                                     1 941   (7 189)

Closing balance                                                                                   103 504   91 992

Maturity analysis
Lease liabilities are payable as follows:

Minimum lease payments due                                                                         37 430    29 664
- within one year                                                                                  77 902    76 481
- in two to five years                                                                            (11 828)  (14 153)
Less: future finance charges

Present value of minimum lease payments                                                           103 504   91 992
Non-current lease liabilities                                                                      72 027   68 106
Current lease liabilities                                                                          31 477   23 886

The total cash outflow related to leases for the year amounts to A$70 million (2023: A$44 million). Refer to note 28: Cost of Sales and note 30: Other
expenses for the expense recognised for short-term and low-value leases.

                                           Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024          00 62
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

21. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                               2024               2023

                                                                                            A$'000     A$'000

Trade payables                                                                              108 428    73 404
Subcontractors                                                                               30 225    22 253

Accrued expenses                                                                            328 798    280 007

Income received in advance                                                                     75                 75

                                                                                            467 526    375 739

Trade and other payables comprise amounts owing to suppliers for goods and services supplied in the normal course of

business.

The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate their fair values due to its short-term maturity.

22. PROVISIONS                             Contract   Right-of-use             Other                                Total

        Carrying amount at 30 June 2023  provisions       contract        provisions                              A$'000
        Recognised                           A$'000     proAvi$s'i0o0n0s      A$'000                              40 332
        Utilised                             29 372                             5 046
        Unutilised amounts reversed            5 316          5 914             1 891                              9 323
        Foreign exchange movements           (6 074)          2 116           (2 047)                             (8 121)
        Carrying amount at 30 June 2024      (2 429)                          (1 482)                             (5 025)
                                                 792                -             364
                                                            (1 114)                                                   761
                                             26 977                             3 772                             37 270
                                                              (395)

                                                              6 521

                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                               A$'000           A$'000

Non-current liabilities                                                                         4 273            6 831
Current liabilities                                                                            32 997           33 501

                                                                                               37 270           40 332

Contract provisions

Represent estimated amounts arising from obligations to third parties at the reporting date. The provisions are expected

to be utilised as and when the claims are finalised and settled within a period of 12 months.

Right-of-use contract provisions
Represent estimated obligations to maintain leased assets in terms of the lease contracts.

Other provisions
Comprise of various estimated claims or legal matters which are expected to result in obligations for the Group.

                                         Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024              00 63
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

23. EMPLOYEE-RELATED PAYABLES

        Employee entitlements
        Employee entitlements are obligations raised for the various employee incentive plans in place throughout the Group.
        Included in employee entitlements are short and medium-term incentive plan obligations, along with statutorily
        determined retrenchment commitments.

Leave pay benefits
Leave pay benefits are amounts due to employees for accumulated leave balances, the timing of which is uncertain at
year end. The discounting element of these obligations was realised through earnings or loss in the current year.

The total employee related payables are disclosed as follows:

                                                                                                    2024        2023

                                                                                     A$'000               A$'000

Non-current employee related payables                                                40 268               35 582
Current employee related payables                                                    33 607               22 613

Total employee-related payables                                                      73 875               58 195

                                                                                     Classified as

                                             Recognised                              Held for Sale -

                                 Opening in earnings                     Currency transferred

                                 balance     or loss           Utilised  adjustment                 out         Total

2024                             A$'000      A$'000             A$'000   A$'000      A$'000               A$'000
Employee entitlements
Leave pay benefits               21 687      31 228            (23 764)    (755)            -             28 396
                                 36 508      31 697            (22 641)     (85)            -             45 479
2023                             58 195      62 925            (46 405)                     -             73 875
Employee entitlements                                                      (840)
Leave pay benefits               27 329      37 439            (34 522)              (1 300)              21 687
                                 34 339       4 538             (1 540)  (7 259)       (347)              36 508
                                 61 668                                    (482)                          58 195
                                             41 977            (36 062)              (1 647)
                                                                         (7 741)

24. EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVE
       The Group has forfeitable share plans in place under which certain senior executives, prescribed officers and senior
       management have been granted shares in the Company. A description of the plans as well as the terms and conditions
       relating to awards made are disclosed in the remuneration report, available on the Group's website.

Details of awards made to Directors are disclosed in note 45: Directors' emoluments and interests.

                                                                                                    2024        2023

                                                                                     A$'000               A$'000

Opening balance                                                                      6 907                      8 243

Equity-settled share-based payment expense*                                          1 724                      1 215

Equity-settled share-based payment vested                                            (2 265)              (2 551)

                                                                                     6 366                      6 907

* The equity-settled share-based payment expense recognised in the current year relates to the shares granted in the current year in accordance
        with the Long Term Incentive Plan 2022(LTIP) rules. The equity-settled share-based awards vest when certain retention and non-market
        performance conditions are met. As at 30 June 2024, the Group expects that all participants will meet the retention and performance conditions
        as established in the LTIP plan. Refer to note 25: Share-based payments for additional information on the performance and retention conditions.

                                             Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 64
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

25. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

        Equity-settled share-based payment plan

        Management Incentive Plan 2021
        In terms of the Management Incentive Plan 2021 (MIP), senior executives of the Group, including executive directors
        and prescribed officers, were granted shares in the Group for no consideration. The specific issue of shares formed part
        of the Rights Offer transaction concluded on the 19 March 2021. The provision of shares will serve as a retention
        mechanism and an incentive mechanism over a three-year period.

As soon as was practically possible following the completion of the Rights Offer on 19 March 2021, a portion of the
awards to Group Executives vested in line with the rules of the MIP. The remaining awards were subject to the
satisfaction of retention and / or performance conditions measured over the performance period ending 30 June 2022
and 30 June 2023 respectively. The performance awards that vest at 30 June 2022 are subject to re-testing at 30 June
2023 if the performance conditions are not met at 30 June 2022.

There was no remaining contractual life for the shares outstanding at 30 June 2023.

The movements during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                       2023
                                                                                                                Number of shares
Opening balance                                            Number of shares
Shares vested / exercised*                                           3 330 268                                           6 976 000
Shares forfeited                                                                                                        (3 308 121)
                                                                   (2 136 000)
                                                                   (1 194 268)                                            (337 611)

                                                                                                    -                    3 330 268
                                                                                                                                  7.5
Fair value of shares granted to participant (R per share)                                           -                              25

Total value of unvested shares to participants (Rm)                                                 -

* The shares were part of a specific rights issue in the name of the participants and have vested.

Long Term Incentive Plan 2022
In terms of the Long Term Incentive Plan 2022 (LTIP 2022), senior executives of the Group, are granted shares in the
Group for no consideration. The provision of shares will serve as a retention mechanism and an incentive mechanism
over a three-year period.

The awards will be subject to the satisfaction of retention and / or performance conditions measured over the
performance period ending 30 June 2022, 30 June 2023, 30 June 2024 and June 2025 respectively. The performance
awards that vest each year are not subject to re-resting in the following years if the performance conditions are not met
in a specific year.

The fair value of the shares are estimated at the grant date taking into account the terms and conditions contained in

the LTIP2022 rules as well as the rights associated with these shares to participate in dividends and shareholder rights
from grant date. The shares are subject to forfeit if the employee leaves the employment of the Group prior to the

vesting dates and/or if performance conditions are not met. On resignation, retirement, retrenchment or dismissal, all
unvested awards of the participant will be forfeited immediately on the date on termination of the employment. Where
the employment of the participant is terminated as a result of death, all of a participant's unvested awards will vest on

the date of termination of employment. The plan is settled in shares and therefore is equity-settled. There are no
portions of the plan that have been or will be cash-settled.

The movement during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                      2023

                                                           Number of shares Number of shares

Opening balance                                                                                     5 049 160   1 567 100

Shares granted                                                                                      615 800     3 795 400

Shares vested / exercised*                                                                          (973 565)   (288 680)

Shares forfeited                                                                                    (398 165)   (24 660)

Fair value of shares granted to participant (R per share)                                           4 293 230   5 049 160
                                                                                                         13.48       13.48

Total value of unvested shares to participants (Rm)                                                 58                        68

* The shares were part of a specific rights issue in the name of the participants and have vested. A total of 1 265 245 shares were utilised against
     the authorised 3 880 000 shares under the scheme.

                                                           Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 65
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

26. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS

                                                                                        2024                              2023
                                                                                      A$'000                            A$'000

The Group contributed to the following defined contribution plans:                    37 212      33 538

 Aveng Group and industry retirement plans
 McConnell Dowell Corporation Limited plan
The Group's retirement expense

27. REVENUE

        The Group's revenue is derived from contracts with customers. Revenue can be classified into the following categories:
        construction contracts, mining contracts and other revenue.

                                                                               Aveng Aveng

                                  Infrastructure     Building        Mining    Legacy Corporate        Total
                                          A$'000      A$'000         A$'000                          A$'000
                                                                               A$'000 A$'000
                                       2 417 087     364 239        268 835                       3 055 356
Year ended 30 June 2024                           -   54 876                -               x                -
Construction and mining contract
Irnetveernnuael revenue                2 417 087     419 115        268 835    795    4 400       3 055 356

Year ended 30 June 2023                1 970 253     191 236        242 156           (54 876)
Construction and mining contract                  -   37 442                -
rInetveernnuael revenue                           -           -                795 (50 476)
Other revenue                                                            191
                                       1 970 253     228 678        242 347    1 591           -  2 405 236
                                                                               1 591  (37 442)               -

                                                                                               -         191

                                                                                      (37 442)    2 405 427

28. COST OF SALES

                                                                                      2024        2023

                                                                                      A$'000      A$'000

Short-term and low value lease charges*                                                  26 268      12 552
Earnings from contract-related property, plant and equipment                             (3 204)     (1 255)
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                            45 031      46 740
Depreciation of right-of-use property, plant and equipment                               19 829      10 881
Loss on derecognition of components included in property, plant and equipment
Employee cost                                                                              9 726       7 567
Employee benefits                                                                       507 701     415 191
Outsourced labour
Materials                                                                                  6 453       7 380
Sub-contractors                                                                          10 571      10 831
Plant costs                                                                             407 199     377 896
Project costs                                                                         1 385 579   1 009 425
Repairs and maintenance                                                                 236 393     209 415
Other                                                                                   117 107     161 658
                                                                                         70 853      70 303
                                                                                         40 287      28 004

                                                                                                                  2 879 793 2 366 588

* The Group recognised rent expense from short-term leases of A$26 million (2023: A$12 million), leases of low-value assets of less
    than A$1 million (2023: Less than A$1 million) and no variable lease payments for the year ended 30 June 2024.

                                                     Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                 00 66
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

29. OTHER EARNINGS

Dividends received                                                                       2024      2023
Net foreign exchange losses*                                                           A$'000    A$'000
Rent received
Ticking fee                                                                             2 476        830
Other income                                                                            2 078      (228)
                                                                                        1 223
                                                                                                     887
                                                                                              -   5 976
                                                                                           153     1 542

                                                                                        5 930     9 006

*  Includes gains on forward exchange contracts.

30. OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                                         2024                                     2023
                                                                                       A$'000                                   A$'000

Employee costs                                                                         62 881                                   68 512
Computer costs
Consulting fees                                                                        20 069                                   16 704
Employee benefits
Tender expenses                                                                        13 826                                   13 897
Share-based payment expense
Auditor's remuneration                                                                 11 322                                   1 500
Depreciation of right-of-use property, plant and equipment
Insurance                                                                              10 239                                   6 388
Short-term and low value lease charges*
Municipal Rates, Water, Electricity and Sanitation                                     5 355                                    1 294
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment
Legal expenses                                                                   30.1  4 723                                    4 530
Other
                                                                                       4 163                                    4 498

                                                                                       2 480                                    1 979

                                                                                       2 045                                    995

                                                                                       1 397                                    1 551

                                                                                       873                                      710

                                                                                       864                                      1 614

                                                                                       6 676                                    10 285

                                                                                       146 913   134 457

30.1 Auditor's remuneration
The auditor of Aveng Limited is KPMG Incorporated

Amounts received or due and receivable by KPMG for financial statements audits:        676                                      964
 Aveng Limited Group**
 McConnell Dowell Holdings ­ Component                                                 1 118                                    811
 Moolmans Holdings ­ Component**
                                                                                       472                                      425

Total received or due and receivable by KPMG                                           2 266                                    2 200

Amounts received or due and receivable by KPMG for other services:
Amounts received or due and receivable by Deloitte for:

 ISA800 special purpose opinion ­ Aveng Limited Group**                                41                                                          -
 ISAE3240 supplementary information ­ Aveng Limited Group**
 ESG services ­ Aveng Limited Group**                                                  4                                                           2
 Review of QBCC Minimum financial requirements report as required by the
                                                                                       171                                      182

   Queensland building and construction commission regulation 2018                     95                                                          -

Total received or due and receivable by Deloitte                                       311                                      184

* The Group recognised rent expense from short-term leases of A$2 million (2023: A$1 million), no leases of low-value assets (2023: A$nil) and no

   variable lease payments for the year ended 30 June 2024.

** The above fees have been translated from ZAR to A$ using an average exchange rate of R12.27/ A$1 (2023: R12.34/A$1) as at 30 June 2024.

                                                             Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024              00 67
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

31. CAPITAL EARNINGS                                          2024      2023
                                                            A$'000    A$'000
        Impairment loss on property, plant & equipment
        Reversal of impairment loss on right-of-use assets  (7 786)          -
        Impairment of equity-accounted investments              985    1 946
        Impairment loss of loan with joint venture                 -    (645)
        Loss on disposal of property, plant & equipment
                                                              (161)          -
                                                              (343)     (620)

                                                            (7 305)       681

32. DISPOSAL OF ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
        On 28 April 2023, the Group concluded the disposal of Trident Steel, a division of Aveng Africa (Proprietary) Limited, as
        a going concern total cash proceeds of A$101 million (including the ticking fee). This comprised A$58 million in purchase
        consideration, the return of A$21 million net cash to be retained by Aveng, the payment of an accumulated ticking fee
        equal to A$6 million and the refund to Aveng of A$15 million of additional liquidity that was previously provided to the
        Business to fund growth in the period after 30 June 2022.

        Trident Steel formed part of the Manufacturing and Processing segment.

        The transaction constituted a Category 1 transaction in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements. Refer to the Circular
        distributed to shareholders on 2 December 2022 for further details relating to the transaction.

        A gain of A$0.2 million was recognised on the disposal of Oakleaf, Firefly and the remaining Infraset factories.

                                                              2024                                                               2023
                                                            A$'000                                                             A$'000

(Loss) / Gain on disposal of assets Held for Sale           (86)                                                               13 350
Trident Steel
Other assets Held for Sale                                  -                                                                  13 188

                                                            (86)                                                               162

33. FINANCE EXPENSES                                          2024                                                               2023
                                                            A$'000                                                             A$'000
        Interest on debt instruments                        12 066
        Commitment fees and other costs                                                                                         8 351
        Interest on lease liabilities                           559                                                             3 780
                                                            10 044                                                              4 842

                                                            22 669                                                             16 973

                                                            Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 68
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL                                                                                      2024      2023
STATEMENTS CONTINUED                                                                                                         A$'000     A$'000

for the year ended 30 June 2024                                                                                                  571         85
                                                                                                                                     -   1 006
34. TAXATION
                                                                                                                                   24          -
      Major components of the taxation expense                                                                                 8 839     2 547
      Current taxation
      Local income taxation ­ current year                                                                                     (494)        783
      Local income taxation ­ current year ­ discontinued operations                                                           8 940     4 421
      Local income taxation ­ current year ­ recognised in current taxation for prior years
      Foreign income taxation or withholding taxation - current year                                                        (18 529)    (7 811)
      Foreign income taxation or withholding taxation - recognised in current taxation                                           (68)     (285)
      for prior years
                                                                                                                            (18 597)    (8 096)
      Deferred taxation                                                                                                      (9 657)    (3 675)
      Deferred taxation ­ current year
      Deferred taxation ­ arising from prior year adjustments                                                                  2024       2023
                                                                                                                                   %          %
      Reconciliation of the taxation expense
      Effective taxation rate on earnings                                                                                     (60.4)        3.4
      Exempt income and other non-taxable income                                                                                38.2      (8.4)
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised Deferred Tax Assets                                                                         (14.0)
      Disallowable charges                                                                                                    127.7        33.4
      Foreign tax rate differential and other                                                                                 (59.1)
      Prior year adjustment                                                                                                   (12.0)        9.8
      Withholding taxation                                                                                                                   0.4
                                                                                                                                  3.4        2.4
          The South African income tax rate is 27%. Taxation in other jurisdictions is calculated at the prevailing rates.     (10.8)      27.0
                                                                                                                                27.0

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                                                                       00 69
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

35. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
        Identification and classification of discontinued operations
        The Group structure comprises of the Infrastructure, Building and Mining segments forming the ongoing business of the
        Group with Aveng Construction: South Africa, Aveng Manufacturing and Trident Steel no longer forming part of the
        continuing operations of the Group.

        Aveng Africa completed the disposal of Trident Steel as a going concern on 28 April 2023. At 31 December 2022,
        management concluded that the Trident Steel business met the criteria of Held for Sale under IFRS 5 Non-current assets
        Held for Sale and Discontinued operations and was classified as such.

        The earnings from discontinued operations comprise of Manufacturing and Processing segment, which includes Trident
        Steel and the remaining Infraset factories. Aveng Construction: South Africa does not meet the discontinued operations
        criteria in IFRS 5 and is not included in the discontinued operation figures presented on the following page.

The loss from discontinued operations are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                     2024    2023
                                                                                                   A$'000  A$'000

Revenue*                                                                                           -       343 600
Cost of Sales
                                                                                                   -       (313 480)
Gross earnings
Other earnings                                                                                     -       30 120
Operating expenses
                                                                                                   -       1 398
Operating earnings
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                  -       (14 330)
Fair value adjustments on properties and disposal groups classified as
Held for Sale                                                                                      -       17 188
Net finance expenses
                                                                                                   -       455
Earnings before taxation
Taxation                                                                                           -

Earnings for the year                                                                              -       (7 438)
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations reclassified to
eGaarinin/ g(lsoossr)losnsdoinspdoesraelcoofgansisteiotns Held for Sale and fair value adjustment  -       10 205
Loss from discontinued operations
Attributable to:                                                                                   -       -
Equity-holders of the parent
                                                                                                   -       10 205
Items by nature
Capital expenditure                                                                                6       (35 761)

Cash flow from discontinued operations:                                                            (86)    13 350
Cash outflow from operating activities
Cash outflow from investing activities                                                             (80)    (12 206)
Cash outflow from financing activities
                                                                                                   (80)    (12 206)
 * Revenue mostly consists of the sale of goods.
                                                                                                   -       4 415

                                                                                                   -       4 415

                                                                                                   -       (27 472)

                                                                                                   -       (4 214)

                                                                                                   -       (3 809)

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                                          00 70
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

36. IMPAIRMENT
        The Group performed an annual impairment test at 30 June 2024. The test involved the assessment of internal and
        external qualitative factors for each CGU that may constitute an indicator of impairment. The test may be extended
        to individual assets in instances of underutilisation, obsolescence, physical damage or material decline in the
        economic performance of the assets.

36.1 Assets in the scope of IAS 36 ­ Impairments
        Goodwill arising on consolidation
        A compulsory impairment assessment of goodwill allocated to the McConnell Dowell CGU is performed annually.
        The McConnell Dowell CGU falls under the Infrastructure and Building reportable segments. The recoverable
        amount of the CGU, being the value-in-use based on a discount rate of 16,9% (2023: 15,7%), materially exceeded
        the carrying amount of the CGU and hence no goodwill impairment loss was recognised in the current year.

        Other individual assets in the scope of IAS 36 - Impairments
        An impairment assessment was performed on:

         Property, plant & equipment at Moolmans, which is part of the Mining reportable segment. Management,
                 through the use of an external evaluator, determined that an impairment of A$7,8 million was required in
                 the current year (30 June 2023: A$nil) relating to owned equipment and vehicles. The impairment arose from
                 instances of underutilisation, obsolescence, physical damage or material decline in the economic
                 performance of specific items of owned equipment and vehicles. The fair value of these assets falls within
                 Level 2 of the hierarchy identified in IFRS 13 and was calculated using the prices of similar assets within the
                 market.

36.2 Total impairment losses for the year
        The total impairment losses for the year per CGU and individual assets are summarised as follows:

Other individual assets in the scope of IAS 36    Property,
Aveng Moolmans                                   plant and
                                                equipment

                                                       2024
                                                     A$'000

                                                       7 786

                                                Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                 00 71
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

37. EARNINGS AND HEADLINE EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                       2024    Weighted                     2023     Weighted
                                               Number          nuamvbeerar goef       Number        nuamvbeerar goef
                                                                                     of shares
                                              of shares             shares                               shares
                                                                                 129 483 343
Opening balance                               131 291 021      129 498 202          1 807 677     129 483 343
Issue of shares - Equity-settled share-based                -     1 792 819                             14 858
                                                                                 131 291 020
payment plan                                  131 291 021      131 291 021                        129 498 201
Less: Treasury shares
Aveng Limited Share Purchase Trust                (12 037)         (12 037)           (12 037)         (12 037)
Aveng Management Company (Pty) Ltd                  (1 577)          (1 577)           (1 577)          (1 577)
Equity-settled share-based payment plan
Total treasury shares                          (2 897 646)      (2 897 646)       (5 343 186)      (3 418 430)
                                               (2 911 260)      (2 911 260)       (5 356 800)      (3 432 045)
Weighted average number of shares             128 379 761      128 379 761       125 934 220      126 066 156
Add: Shares issuable in terms of the equity-
                                                 2 897 646        2 897 646                    -                -
settled share-based payment plan
                                              131 277 407      131 277 407       125 934 220      126 066 156
Diluted weighted average number of shares

                                              Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 72
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

37. EARNINGS AND HEADLINE EARNINGS PER SHARE continued                                           Net of          2023        Net of
                                                                                         2024  taxation    Gross of        taxation
                                                                                                           taxation
                                                                                 Gross of       A$'000                      A$'000
                                                                                 taxation                   A$'000
                                                                                                 25 653
                                                                                   A$'000           161

Determination of headline earnings                           -                                    5 684             -  (103 890)
Earnings / (loss) for the year attributable to equity     161                                           -           -            -
                                                        7 786                                                       -            -
holders of parent                                                                                     86        263
Impairment of loan with joint venture                        -                                      256    (14 471)           263
                                                                                                   (964)        607     (13 331)
Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                                       7 100     (1 981)
                                                                                                              7 506           607
Impairment of equity accounted investments                                                            (6)                 (1 981)

Loss / (gain) on disposal of assets Held for Sale       86                                              -                  5 480
                                                                                                 37 970
Loss on disposal of plant and equipment                 343                                      37 970

Reversal of impairment loss on right-of-use assets      (964)                                       29.6
Loss on derecognition of components                     9 726                                       28.9
                                                                                                  131.3
Exchange differences on translating foreign                                                       128.4
                                                                                                  131.3
operations reclassified to earnings and loss on

derecognition                                           (6)                                                35 761           35 761
                                                                                                            (648)
Insurance proceeds on plant and equipment -                                                                                   (648)
                                                                                                                           (77 739)
Trident Steel                                           -                                                                  (77 739)

Headline earnings / (loss)
Diluted Headline earnings / (loss)

Headline earnings / (loss) from continuing and

discontinued operations                                                                                                    (61.6)
Headline earnings / (loss) per share - basic (cents)                                                                       (61.6)
Headline earnings / (loss) per share - diluted (cents)                                                                     131.3
                                                                                                                           126.1
Issued shares                                                                                                              126.1
Weighted average shares
Diluted weighted average shares

                                                        Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

38. CASH GENERATED / (UTILISED) BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES                         Notes       2024         2023
                                                                                         A$'000        A$'000
        Earnings / (loss) before taxation from continuing operations            38.1      16 083     (96 446)
        Earnings / (loss) before taxation from discontinued operations          38.2                 (12 206)
        Earnings / (loss) before taxation                                                    (80)   (108 652)
        Finance earnings                                                                  16 003       (6 715)
        Finance expenses                                                                (11 579)       23 927
        Dividend earnings                                                                 22 669
        Share of loss from equity-accounted investment                                    (2 476)        (830)
        Cash retained from operations                                                                      180
        Non-cash and other movements                                                          102
        Depreciation                                                                      24 719     (92 090)
        Amortisation                                                                                   26 329
        Cash generated from operations                                                     9 653       64 523
        Movements in working capital                                                      69 896            43
                                                                                                       (1 195)
38.1 Non-cash and other movements                                                                -
        Equity-settled share-based payment expense                                      104 268      (30 278)
        Impairment loss on property, plant & equipment                                               (31 473)
        Impairment loss on loan with joint venture                                        45 734
        Impairment loss on equity-accounted investments                                 150 002          1 242
        Derecognition of components included in property, plant and equipment                                  -
        Loss / (gain) on sale of assets Held for Sale                                      5 355               -
        Loss on disposal of property, plant & equipment                                    7 786
        Reversal of impairment loss on right-of-use assets                                                  263
        Movement in provisions                                                                161        7 506
        Unrealised foreign exchange losses on borrowings and other liabilities                   -    (14 480)
        Movements in foreign currency translation
        Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                             9 726            607
        reclassified to earnings and loss on derecognition                                     86       (1 981)
                                                                                                        (8 040)
38.2 Movements in working capital                                                             343     (12 117)
        Decrease / (increase) in inventories                                                (985)       17 568
        Increase in contract assets                                                       (3 063)       35 761
        Decrease in trade and other receivables                                           (3 213)       26 329
        Increase in contract liabilities                                                  (6 537)
        Increase in trade and other payables                                                          (35 059)
        Increase / (decrease) in employee-related payables                                     (6)   (100 668)
        Decrease in working capital Held for Sale                                          9 653
                                                                                                        11 071
                                                                                              336       21 721
                                                                                       (108 127)        89 070
                                                                                                        (1 739)
                                                                                           3 574      (14 674)
                                                                                          42 482      (30 278)
                                                                                          91 788
                                                                                          15 680

                                                                                                 -
                                                                                          45 734

                                 Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                00 74
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

39. FINANCE EXPENSES PAID                                                 Notes               2024                                                    2023
     Amount charged to the statement of comprehensive earnings              33              A$'000                                                  A$'000
     Finance expenses - discontinued operations
     Foreign currency translation movement                                                 22 669                                                   16 973
     Movement in finance expenses unpaid                                                          -                                                  7 946
                                                                                                                                                      (992)
                                                                                               (1)                                                         -
                                                                                              220
                                                                                           22 888                                                   23 927

40. FINANCE EARNINGS RECEIVED                                                              11 579                                                   6 638
     Amount charged to the statement of comprehensive earnings                                    -                                                   508
     Finance earnings - discontinued operations
     Foreign currency translation movement                                                     (1)                                                  (323)
     Movement in accrued finance earnings                                                     395                                                   (108)
                                                                                           11 973                                                   6 715

41. TAXATION PAID

. Amounts overpaid at the beginning of the year                                             2 164                                                    4 437
                                                                                           (8 940)                                                  (4 455)
Amounts charged to the statement of comprehensive earnings -              34                                                                        (2 164)
                                                                                            5 721                                                   (1 724)
Anomromuanlttsauxnderpaid / (overpaid) at the end of the year                                (618)                                                  (3 906)
                                                                                           (1 673)
Amounts relating to foreign currency translation movement

42. COMMITMENTS
       Authorised capital expenditure

- Contracted                                                                               750                                                      9 561
                                                                                                                                                    9 561
                                                                                           750

It is anticipated that this expenditure will be in respect of capital equipment which will be financed from existing cash or borrowing facilities.

43. CHANGES IN LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

                                                                Net cash      Unrealised       Lease
                                                                                  foreign  liabilities

                                                 Opening        flow             exchange non-cash                                                  Closing
                                                                                                                                                    balance
                                                 Balance movement (gains) / losses movements*                                                        A$'000

                                                 A$'000         A$'000           A$'000    A$'000                                                    54 026
                                                                                                                                                    103 504
2024

Interest bearing loans and borrowings held

at amortised cost                                81 269 (28 515)                 1 272               -

Lease liabilities                                91 992 (31 798)                 1 941     41 369

                                                 173 261 (60 313)                3 213     41 639                                                   157 530
                                                                                  38.1
Note                                                                                                                                                 50 567
                                                                                                                                                    106 963
Current liabilities
Non-current liabilities

2023                                             42 680          41 835          (3 246)          -                                                 157 530
Interest bearing loans and borrowings held       92 226         (22 771)         (8 850)   31 387
                                                                                                                                                     81 269
at amortised cost                                                                                                                                    91 992

Lease liabilities

                                                 134 906        19 064           (12 096)  31 387                                                   173 261

Current liabilities                                                                                                                                  64 994
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                             108 627

                                                                                                                                       173 621

* The lease liabilities non-cash movements relate to new lease liabilities of A$42 million (30 June 2023: A$35 million) entered into in the
        current year, derecognition of lease liabilities for lease arrangements which expired in the year and right-of-use assets returned to the
        vendor of A$1 million.

                                                               Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                    00 75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

44. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND ASSETS

Contingent liabilities at the reporting date, not otherwise provided for in interim results, arise from performance

bonds and guarantees issued in:

                                            2024                                                                        2023

South Africa and rest of Africa

Guarantees and bonds (ZARm)                 51                                                                           82

Parent company guarantees (ZARm)            138                                                                         116

                                            189                                                                         198

Australasia and Asia                        405                                                                         436
Guarantees and bonds (A$m)
                                            2                                                                            2
Parent company guarantees (A$m)

                                            407                                                                         438

Bank guarantees issued by joint ventures and associates
The Group's share of bank guarantees issued by its joint ventures and associates is less than A$1000

(June 2023: A$1.3 million).

Claims and disputes in the ordinary course of business
The Group is, from time to time, involved in various disputes arising in the ordinary course of business. Depending
on the merits, disputes can translate into claims and legal proceedings which will be defended by the Group.
Exposures may arise in the normal course of business, including contractual penalties associated with ongoing
projects.

Where required, adequate provision is made for all liabilities which are expected to materialise, however if the
outcome of claims or legal disputes are on balance considered to be possible but not probable, they are not disclosed
as a provision.

Based on internal and/or external assessments and/or advice from legal advisors (where appropriate, including
counsel), the Board believes that there is significant uncertainty as to whether a future exposure or liability will
arise in respect of normal course of business claims or disputes, and as such these are on balance considered to be
remote.

The Board believes that Aveng has realistic defences against normal course of business claims and legal disputes,
and any adverse decisions in relation to contingent liabilities in this regard will not have a material adverse effect
on the financial position of the Group.

Specific formal disputes
Aveng Africa is presently in dispute with a client where the employer terminated the contract on 6 January 2020 and
subsequently called on the guarantee of R87 million, following which the insurer paid the employer the guarantee
amount and issued a letter of demand, claiming repayment from Aveng Africa, who in turn, paid the insurer. The
final account report from the client was received, which Aveng Africa has disputed and since referred to arbitration.
Aveng Africa is represented in the matter by specialist legal advisors, including senior counsel. Having regard to the
advice received from its advisors, the Board is of the view that all known liabilities have been recognised and that
adequate provisions have been recognised.

Aveng Africa, in joint venture with its partner terminated a contract with its client on 30 January 2019, which
entitlement to terminate is disputed by the client. On 23 November 2020, the client demanded payment of the
performance bond and retention guarantee to the value of R235 million. The insurer paid the client and Aveng Africa
repaid the insurer for their portion. Aveng Africa is represented in the matter by specialist legal advisors, including
senior counsel. Having regard to the advice received from its advisors, the Board is of the opinion that all known
liabilities have been recognised and that adequate provisions have been recognised.

Aveng Africa along with six other South African contractors, entered into a settlement agreement with the South
African Government in 2016 wherein claims for damages by Government departments/entities as a result of
historical anticompetitive practices by Aveng Africa would be settled. As a result, Aveng Africa agreed to make
twelve annual payments into a trust fund to be set up in terms of the settlement agreement and the purpose of
which was to develop and enhance the construction industry including black owned emerging contractors.

                                       Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                 00 76
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

44. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND ASSETS continued
        Specific formal disputes continued
        Summons was issued against Aveng Africa and others, and the parties are defending the matter. The matter is
        ongoing. Aveng Africa is represented in the matter by specialist legal advisors, including senior counsel.

        McConnell Dowell and its joint venture partner, along with its insurers are defending a claim from a client, in which
        it is alleged that a defect exists on a project in New South Wales. McConnell Dowell is represented in the matter by
        specialist legal advisors.

45. DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS AND INTERESTS
       Directors' emoluments below are disclosed in Australian dollar thousands (A$'000):

                                              Short-term                  Long-term        Long-term
                                                                    share incentive         incentive
                              Retirement incentive
                                                                               (LTIP)4           (LTI)5
Executive            Salary1  fund2                         (STI)3                                               Other            Total6
                                                                                                                A$'000           A$'000
directors      Year A$'000    A$'000 A$'000                                A$'000                        A'000

SC Cummins7 2024 1 239        184                           806                       289                300    - 2 818

               2023 1 196     178                           -                         -                  759    - 2 133

AH Macartney8 2024   360      38                            377                       142                205    66 1 188

               2023  -        -                             -                         -                  -      -                             -

   Directors' emoluments below are disclosed in Rand thousands (R'000):

Executive      Year  Salary1  Retirement      Short-term                  Long-term        Long-term             Other           Total6
directors      2024   R'000          Fund2    incentive             share incentive         incentive            R'000            R'000
AH Macartney8  2023   3 162          R'000                                                                                        3 864
                      5 875            159         (STI)3                      (LTIP)4           (LTI)5            543           20 027
SJ Flanagan9   2024                    296         R'000                                        R'000                  -
               2023   6 384                                                     R'000                                            30 778
                      9 168                -             -                            -                -        20 005           23 315
                                           -         599                                               -               -
                                                                              13 257
                                                         -                                             -
                                                     890                        4 389                  -
                                                                              13 257

1  Salary for South African Directors is total fixed earnings inclusive of contributions towards medical aid, admin & risk benefit expenses,

   accident cover and vehicle benefits, all of which is funded from the Total Guaranteed Package (TGP).

2  Retirement fund contributions are also funded from the Directors' TGP.

3  STI awards were approved by the Remuneration and Nominations Committee on 15 August 2024 and accrued for the year ended 30

   June 2024. Prior year awards were restated in order to reflect final amounts approved by the Remuneration and Nominations

   Committee.

4  LTIP awards were approved by the Remuneration and Nominations Committee on 15 August 2024 and accrued for the year ended 30

   June 2024.

5  LTI awards were approved by the Remuneration and Nominations Committee on 15 August 2024 and accrued for the year ended 30

   June 2024

6  The Total reflected includes all cash payments made to the Executive Director in the Financial Year.

   The Single Figure of Remuneration reflected in Part 3 of the Remuneration Report will differ based on the requirements of King IVTM*.

7  SC Cummins was appointed as Group chief executive officer effective 1 March 2024.

8  AH Macartney moved to Australia effective 1 January 2024. Current year earnings have been split into ZAR and A$ based on how

   emoluments were earned during the year. Included in other is an amount of A$66 405 for relocation allowance and R542 926 for leave

   paid out.

9  SJ Flanagan retired as Group chief executive officer effective 28 February 2024. Included in other is R362 000 for leave paid out and

   R19.6 million for gratuity payments made on retirement.

_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

*  Copyrights and trademarks are owned by the Institute of Directors in Southern Africa NPC and all of its rights are reserved.

                                                            Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                    00 77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

45. DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS AND INTERESTS continued
        Management incentive plan

SJ Flanagan(SA)       Date from           Date on         Number             Number         Number      Number
AH Macartney (Aus)         which            which       entitled to         forfeited    redeemed     entitled to
SC Cummins (Aus)                                                                        or taken up   at 30 June
D Morrison (Aus)     exercisable           expires         at 1 July           during
                                                               2023          the year         during         2024
                      June 2022         June 2023                                           the year
                      June 2023         June 2023           47 170          (47 170)                             -
                                        June 2023 -       960 000          (300 000)           -                 -
                      June 2022         June 2023                                         (660 000)
                      June 2023         June 2023 -         47 170          (47 170)                             -
                                        June 2023         960 000          (300 000)           -                 -
                      June 2022         June 2023 -                                       (660 000)
                      June 2023         June 2023           35 221          (35 221)                             -
                                                          640 000          (224 000)           -                 -
                      June 2022                      -                                    (416 000)
                      June 2023                             17 611          (17 611)                             -
                                                          320 000          (112 000)           -                 -
                                                                                          (208 000)
                                                        3 015 172         (1 083 172)                            -
                                                                                        (1 944 000)

Long Term Incentive Plan

                      Date from         Date on           Number            Number          Number      Number
                           which          which         entitled to        forfeited     redeemed     entitled to
                                                                                        or taken up   at 30 June
                     exercisable        expires            at 1 July          during
                                                               2023         the year          during         2024
                      June 2024                                                             the year
                      June 2025                                                     -
SJ Flanagan(SA)                         June 2024       468 450           (286 645)     (468 450)                          -
AH Macartney (Aus)    June 2024         June 2025       468 450                         (181 805)                          -
SC Cummins (Aus)      June 2025                                                     -
D Morrison (Aus)                        June 2024       315 300                     -             -                        315 300
S Collett (Aus)       June 2024         June 2025       315 300                                   -                        315 300
                      June 2025                                                     -
J Glastonbury (Aus)   June 2024         June 2024       640 750                     -             -                        640 750
                      June 2025                                                     -             -
J Meggitt (Aus)       JJuunnee22002225  June 2025       640 750                     -             -                        640 750
                      June 2023                                              (1 557) -            -
                      June 2024         June 2024       246 650              (9 730)                                       246 650
                      June 2022                                                     -    (17 903)
                      June 2023         June 2025       246 650              (1 474)     (29 190)                          246 650
                      June 2024                                              (9 210)
                      June 2022         JJuunnee22002225246 650 19 460 -            -             -   246 650              -
                      June 2023                                                (789)     (16 946)
                      June 2024         June 2023       38 920               (4 930)     (27 630)                          -
                                                                                    -
                                        June 2024       38 920                                    -                        38 920
                                                                          (314 335)        (9 071)
                                        June 2022       18 420                           (14 790)                          -

                                        June 2023       36 840                                    -                        -

                                        June 2024       36 840                          (765 785)                          36 840

                                        June 2022       9 860                                                              -

                                        June 2023       19 720                                                             -

                                        June 2024       19 720                                                             19 720

                                                   - 3 581 000                                        2 500 880-

                                                        Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 78
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

45. DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS AND INTEREST continued
       Interest of directors and prescribed officers of the Company in share capital (including direct and indirect holdings):

                                                            Ordinary                Ordinary

                                                            shares                  shares
                                                              2024                    2023

Executive directors                                         1 167 715                 751 715
SC Cummins                                                  1 612 843               1 259 743
AH Macartney
Non-executive directors                                     1 610 655               1 257 555
SJ Flanagan                                                    50 000                  50 000
P Hourquebie
Prescribed officers                                           609 257                 401 257
D Morrison                                                     47 120                  17 930
S Collett                                                      44 601                  16 971
J Glastonbury                                                  23 874                    9 084
J Meggitt
                                                            5 166 065               3 764 255
Non-executive directors                                                -                       -

                                        Lead

                                        independent

                                 Directors' directors Chairperson Committee  Other
                                                                             Fees6
                                 fees   fees         fees   fees             R'000  Total
                                                                                    R'000
                                 R'000  R'000        R'000  R'000

2024

B Modise                         376    555          353    134              -      1 418

D Noko                           666    -            249    446              -      1 361
SJ Flanagan1
                                 142    -            -      267 1 008               1 417

                                 1 184  555          602    847 1 008               4 196
                                    88
B Meyer ($)4                            -            -      2                -                                                        90

N Bowen (A$)2/3                  166    -            -      17               -                             183
PA Hourquebie (£)5
                                 3      -            108    27               -                             138

2023

MA Hermanus                      -      627          437    144              89     1 297

MJ Kilbride                      477    -            560    452              89     1 578

B Modise                         477    -            335    396              89     1 297

B Swanepoel                        380  -            -      265              89                            734
D Noko                              96
                                        -            -      86               -                             182
                                 1 430
                                        627          1 332  1 343            356    5 01828

B Meyer ($)                      85     -            -      1-                                                                        86

PA Hourquebie (£)                94     -            18     11               4                             127

1 SJ Flanagan was appointed as a non-executive director and as a member of the Risk Committee and the Safety, Health and Environment
        Committee on 1 March 2024.

2 N Bowen was appointed as an independent non-executive director and as a member of the Risk Committee (Chair), Safety, Health and
        Environment Committee (Chair) and the Audit Committee on 17 July 2023.

3 N Bowen fees are disclosed in Australian Dollars (A$).
4 B Meyer fees are disclosed in United States Dollars ($).
5 PA Hourquebie fees are disclosed in British Pounds (£).
6 Fees received in terms of consultancy agreement from 1 March 2024.

                                        Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                                 00 79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

45. DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS AND INTERESTS continued
        Annual review of non-executive directors' fees
        Management submits annually to the remuneration and nomination committee a proposal for the review of non-
        executive director fees. This proposal includes benchmarks from a minimum of two non-executive director
        remuneration surveys, as well as extracts and benchmarking data from annual reports of at least five medium businesses
        within the same industry sector. A comparison of the current and proposed fees against the market surveys and
        benchmarks informs the appropriate fee recommended by management. The services of independent remuneration
        consultants may also be used to obtain independent benchmarks for non-executive directors' fees.

        In light of the appointment of a UK-based non-executive director onto the Aveng board as well as two board committees,
        a detailed, benchmarking exercise comprising of UK based directors serving on JSE listed companies was undertaken to
        determine a composite fee payable to him. In addition, a per meeting fee was also determined.

        Whilst market benchmarks provide an indication of competitiveness of non-executive director fees, other
        considerations such as company performance and affordability also influence fee increases.

Prescribed officers and other key management personnel
The Companies Act 71 of 2008 (as amended) of South Africa, defines a prescribed officer as a person who exercises
general executive control over management of the whole, or a significant portion of, the business and activities of the
Group; or regularly participates to a material degree in the exercise of general executive control over and management
of the whole, or a significant portion, of the business and activities of the Group. It excludes directors and does not
refer, in any way, to title held by the person, rather the functions which they perform. The board has identified the
prescribed officers of the Group.

                                     Short-

                                     term           Long-term           Long-term

                              Retirement incentive   Incentive    share incentive
                                                          (LTI)4             (LTIP)5
                     Salary1  fund2  (STI)3                                            Total6
                                                        A$'000              A$'000    A$'000
               Year A$'000    A$'000 A$'000

S Collett      2024  570      51     207            216           36                  1 080

               2023  521      47     160            -             -                   728

J Glastonbury  2024  528      50     180            198           34                  990

               2023  492      46     70             -             -                   608

J Meggitt      2024  575      51     207            212           18                  1 063

               2023  528      47     80             -             -                   655

D Morrison     2024  719      106    280            311           -                   1 416

               2023  693      102    -              -             380                 1 175

1 Salary for South African Prescribed Officers is total fixed earnings inclusive of contributions towards medical aid, admin & risk benefit expenses,
     accident cover and vehicle benefits, all of which is funded from the Total Guaranteed Package (TGP).

2 Retirement fund contributions are funded from the Prescribed Officers' TGP.
3 STI awards were approved by the remuneration and nominations committee on 15 August 2024 and accrued for the year ended 30 June 2024.
4 LTI awards were approved by the Remuneration and Nominations Committee on 15 August 2024 and accrued for the year ended 30 June 2024.

5 LTIP awards were approved by the Remuneration and Nominations committee on 15 August 2024 and accrued for the year ended 30 June 2024.
6 The Total reflected includes all cash payments made to the Prescribed Officer in the Financial Year. The Single Figure of remuneration reflected

     in Part 3 of the remuneration Report will differ based on the requirements of King IVTM.

                                     Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 80
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

46. RISK MANAGEMENT
        The Group is exposed to capital, liquidity, interest rate, credit, foreign exchange, foreign currency and borrowing risks.
        In order to manage these risks, the Group may enter into transactions which make use of financial instruments. The
        Group has developed a risk management process to facilitate, control and monitor these risks. This process includes
        formal documentation of policies, including limits, controls and reporting structures. The board provides written
        principles for overall risk management, as well as written policies covering specific areas such as foreign exchange risk,
        interest rate risk and credit risk, use of derivative financial instruments and non-derivative financial instruments, and
        investments of excess liquidity.

        The executive management is responsible for risk management activities within the Group. The executive management
        meets regularly to review market trends and develop strategies.

        Group treasury is responsible for monitoring of currency, interest rate and liquidity risk under policies approved by the
        board of directors. Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close cooperation with the Group's
        operating groups. The Group actively monitors the following risks:

46.1 Capital risk management
        The primary objective of the Group's capital management policy is to ensure that the Group maintains a strong credit
        rating and healthy capital ratios, such as return on capital employed (ROCE), debt to equity and return on equity, in
        order to support its business.

        The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in response to changes in economic conditions.
        To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital
        to shareholders or issue new shares.

        No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during the years ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023.

        The Group includes within its net cash position, cash and bank balances less borrowings and other liabilities.

        Capital includes equity attributable to the equity-holders of the parent of A$277 million (2023: A$251 million).

        The ROCE ratio as at 30 June 2024 and 2023 was as follows:

Operating earnings/ (loss)                     2024                                                2023
Capital employed                             A$'000                                             A$'000
ROCE Ratio (%)                               34 478                                            (69 604)
                                            457 309                                            419 406
                                                                                                 (16.6)
                                                  7.5

        The Group returned to a positive ROCE, compared to a negative ROCE ratio was noted in the prior year as a result of
        operating losses. The capital risk management remained a medium risk in the current year.

46.2 Liquidity risk
        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet a financial commitment in any location or currency, as and
        when they fall due. The Group manages its liquidity risk through its treasury function. Cash flow forecasting is performed
        by the operating units of the Group and consolidated by Group Treasury.

        Credit and term facilities
        In the prior year, the client on the BLNG project called the performance bond. Our bankers in Australia settled the
        performance bond, and in return, McConnell Dowell entered into a short-term debt facility with a balance of A$23
        million. The short-term debt facility was settled in full in June 2024. The maturity analysis for derivative and non-
        derivative financial liabilities has been included (refer to note 46.7: Borrowing capacity).

        Cash and bank balances & overdrafts
        At 30 June 2024, the Group had net cash of A$173.6 million (excluding lease liabilities) (30 June 2023: A$108.4 million)
        available; with further overdraft facilities of A$10 million undrawn.

        The Group has assessed the liquidity risk as medium and remains confident that available cash resources, facilities and
        operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet its funding requirements.

                            Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

46. RISK MANAGEMENT continued

46.3 Interest rate risk
        Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
        changes in market interest rates. For interest rate disclosure refer to note 19: Borrowings and other liabilities.

The Group's exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the Group's debt obligations with variable interest rates
and the asset-backed finance which are repayable at a fixed interest rate in monthly and quarterly instalments.

The Group's policy is to manage interest rate risk through both fixed and variable, long and short-term instruments.

Cash balances all carry interest at rates that vary in response to prevailing market rates in the respective geographical
areas of the Group's operations.

No financial instruments were entered into to mitigate the risk of interest rates.

Interest rate sensitivity
The following table illustrates the effect on the Group's earnings and equity, all other factors remaining constant, of
changes in the variable interest liabilities:

Total variable borrowings                                                             2024     2023
Effect on earnings after taxation - 50 basis points increase                        A$'000   A$'000
Effect on earnings after taxation - 50 basis points decrease                        54 005   79 198

                                                                                      (270)    (396)
                                                                                        270      396

46.4 Credit risk
        Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract,
        leading to a financial loss. The Group's material exposure to credit risk is in its receivables (refer to note 13: Trade and
        other receivables), deposits and cash balances (refer to note 16: Cash and bank balances), and contract assets (refer to
        note 12: Contract assets / (liabilities)).

        The Group trades only with recognised, creditworthy third parties. It is the Group's policy that all customers who wish
        to trade on credit terms are subject to contractual terms and credit verification procedures.

        Cash balances are all kept at financial institutions with a high credit rating, as determined by credit rating agencies within
        a credit limit policy which is subject to regular review. Cash balances as per note 16: Cash and bank balances represent
        the maximum credit exposure.

        The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of the contract assets as disclosed in
        note 12: Contract assets / (liabilities) and Trade receivables as disclosed in note 13: Trade and Other Receivables. The
        Group evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to amounts due from contract customers and trade receivables
        as low, as its customers are located in several jurisdictions and industries and operate in largely independent markets.

        The Group's performs a specific assessment on amounts that are past due and have indicators that there is no
        reasonable expectation of recovery and includes these in the provision for expected credit losses ­ specific debtors.
        These include amounts relating to financial assets that are written-off but are still subject to enforcement activity.

        An impairment analysis in line with the requirements of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments is performed at the end of the
        reporting date using a forward-looking `expected credit loss' (ECL) model. This model uses a `probability of default/loss
        given default/ exposure at default' (PD/LGD/EAD) approach to calculate the expected credit losses. The Group segments
        its portfolio of trade receivables and contract assets into various segments based on shared risk characteristics to ensure
        homogeneous grouping of counterparties. The classification of counterparties into the various segments is based on
        their country of operation, whether the counterparty is rated by an external rating agency, and the segment in which
        the counterparty operates. The classification is limited to categories established in the Basel II Accord and SARB
        regulations (i.e. Externally rated entities, unrated public institutions. Other unrated corporate entities and other unrated
        retail entities). The Group uses judgement to appropriately notch down the ratings assigned to various categories of
        debt into categories appropriate to the Group's credit risk.

Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                                                     00 82
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

46. RISK MANAGEMENT continued
46.4 Credit risk continued

        Expected credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets
        The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable
        information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future
        economic conditions. The impact on the Group is that the credit risk has not increased significantly.

        Over the past 2 financial years the impairment and/or write-off of trade receivables and contract assets in the ordinary
        course of business from continuing operations (other than long-standing legacy claims) has been minimal despite a
        revenue of between A$2 405 million and A$3 055 million and a trade and contract receivables balance of between
        A$303 million and A$391 million.

        The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is
        unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full. A financial asset is written off when there is no
        reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows. In the current or previous year, the Group has not
        identified any significant trade receivables or contract assets balances that have indicators of material write-downs due
        to the receivables having no reasonable expectation of recovery.

46.4.1 Trade and other receivables

2024                                  <90 days                                                               90 days       Total
Trade receivables                       A$'000                                                             past due*     A$'000
Sundry receivables
Provision for expected credit losses           9                                                              A$'000            9
                                        24 335                                                                           24 335
                                                                                                                      -
                                          (156)                                                                       -    (156)
                                                                                                                      -  24 188
Net book value                                                                                     24 188             -
                                                                                                                         29 969
2023                                                                                               29 969             -    (153)
Sundry receivables                                                                                  (153)             -
Provision for expected credit losses                                                                                  -  29 816

Net book value                                                                                     29 816

* Represents accounts past due based on due date in accordance with the contractual payment terms

                                      Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                  00 83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

46. RISK MANAGEMENT continued
46.4 Credit risk continued
46.4.1 Trade and other receivables continued

        Trade and other receivables impaired
        As at 30 June 2024, trade and other receivables with a nominal value of A$0.2 million (2023: A$0.2 million) (expected
        credit losses - specific debtors and expected credit losses) were provided for in a provision account.
        The maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to trade and other receivables:

Trade and other receivables                                                                           2024                   2023
Provision for expected credit losses                                                                A$'000                 A$'000
                                                                                                    24 344                 29 969
Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit losses
Opening balance                                                                                       (156)                  (153)
Raised during the year                                                                              24 188                 29 816
Reversed
                                                                                                        153                  1 154
                                                                                                           3                      -
                                                                                                            -
                                                                                                                           (1 001)
                                                                                                        156                    153

46.4.2 Contract assets
         The maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to contract assets is equal to the carrying value as presented in note
         12: Contract assets / (liabilities).

         The ageing of contract and retention receivables and related provisions as at 30 June is as follows:

                                                                                                    90 days

                                                        <90 days past due*                                                    Total
                                                                                                                            A$'000
                                                        A$'000 A$'000
                                                                                                                           371 718
2024                                                    361 390                                     10 328                  (1 759)
Contract and retention receivables                              -                                   (1 759)                369 959
Provision for expected credit losses
                                                                                                                           279 599
Net book value                                          361 390                                     8 569                     (191)

2023                                                    278 378                                     1 221                  279 408
Contract and retention receivables

Provision for expected credit losses                                                             -  (191)

Net book value                                          278 378                                     1 030

*  Represents accounts past due based on due date in accordance with contractual payment terms.

                                                        Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 84
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

46. RISK MANAGEMENT continued
46.4 Credit risk continued
46.4.2 Contract assets continued

        Analysis of past due accounts

        Included in contract receivables are amounts that are past due but not impaired, these have been adequately assessed
        for impairment.

                                              2024                                                                                        2023
                                            A$'000                                                                                      A$'000

Provision for expected credit losses          191                                                                                        305
Opening balance                             1 568                                                                                            -
Raised during the year
Utilised                                          -                                                                                     (114)

The contract assets consist of:                1 759                                                                                         191
Uncertified claims and variations
Contract contingencies                      188 819                                                                                     155 757
Contract receivables                        (28 245)                                                                                    (12 758)
Retention receivables                       360 361                                                                                     269 385
Provision for expected credit losses
                                             11 357                                                                                      10 214
                                              (1 759)                                                                                       (191)

                                                                                                                               530 533  422 407
46.4.3 Credit risk mitigation and collateral

        Where appropriate, the Group obtains collateral and uses first loss trade credit insurance to mitigate risk.

The Group has credit risk mitigating policies in place for all its operating segments. Due to the significant credit risk
associated with contract and retention receivables, it is the Group's policy to obtain unassignable security by bank
guarantees or insurance bonds on large projects returnable on the expiration of the defect liability period or practical
completion, where part security is returnable. The security is callable in relation to the debt under construction
contracts.

Credit risk mitigating measures include builder's liens. The Group has right of retention over the constructed, enhanced
or repaired building or structure (site) or portion thereof by means of retaining physical control of the site to secure
payment of the contract price. The builder `s lien is not waived and remains in effect until the completion of the contract
or credit worthiness and payment record of the contracting party has been established. A builder's lien may be waived
in lieu of a bank guarantee in accordance with the Group's commercial risk framework. The builder's lien in respect of
claims is not waived and remains in effect until such time as the Group's claim has been satisfied or the Group has been
provided with appropriate alternative security in respect of its claim.

A holding company guarantee is obtained if required by the underlying contract from the contracting party's holding
company. The Group may in certain instances institute a right to suspend the contract as recourse for non-payment in
accordance with the Group's commercial risk framework. Where a suspension applies, it provides for demobilisation,
mobilisation and delay costs associated with the extension of time.

                                      Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                                 00 85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

46. RISK MANAGEMENT continued
46.5 Foreign exchange risk

        The Group has limited transactional currency exposures. Such exposure arises from sales or purchases by a division,
        subsidiary, associate or joint arrangements (operating unit) in currencies other than the unit's functional currency. An
        insignificant amount of the Group's sales is denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the
        operating unit making the sale, and the majority of costs are denominated in the unit's functional currency.

        The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in the closing rate of material
        currencies with which the Group operates, all other variables held constant, on the Group's earnings before taxation
        (due to changes in the fair value of foreign denominated monetary assets and liabilities at year end).

Material currencies were determined based on exposure and volume of transactions.

                                                  Change in Change in

                                        Closing   year end year end
                                      exchange
                                                  rate                             rate  Effect of an Effect of a
                                         rate at                                          increase of decrease of
                                        30 June   Increase of Decrease of                5% (A$'000) 5% (A$'000)

                                                  5%                               5%

2024                                  0.08        0.09  0.08                             783             (783)
South African Rand (ZAR)
United States Dollar (USD)            0.67        0.70  0.64                             (5)             5
Euro (EUR)
                                      0.62        0.65  0.59                             *               *
Effect on earnings before taxation**
                                                                                         778             (778)

2023                                  0.08        0.08  0.08                             994             (994)
South African Rand (ZAR)
United States Dollar (USD)            0.67        0.70  0.64                             (5)             5
Euro (EUR)
                                      0.61        0.64  0.58                             *               *

Effect on earnings before taxation**                                                     989             (989)

*  Amounts less than A$ 1000.                                                            -

** Represents the changes in the fair value of foreign denominated trade and other payables, trade and other receivables and contract assets /
          (liabilities) at year end.

                                      Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 86
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

46. RISK MANAGEMENT continued
46.6 Foreign currency risk

        Monetary assets and liabilities below are at amortised cost. For assets and liabilities at fair value, refer to note 47: Fair
        value of assets and liabilities.
        The carrying value by functional currency of the Group's monetary assets and liabilities are as follows:

2024                                       Notes  Australian Dollar equivalent amount                              Total
                                                                      (A$)                                      A$'000

                                                       A$* ZAR USD Other                                        23 950
                                                                                                                  2 343
                                                   A$'000 A$'000 A$'000 A$'000
                                                                                                               530 533
Monetary assets as per the statement of    15     - 23 950                                           -   -        8 047
financial position
Non-current assets                                - 2 343                                            -   -      30 498
Lease receivables                                                                                              227 678
Other non-current assets                   12 497 870 32 663                                         -   -     823 049

Current assets                             15     - 8 047                                            -   -      34 936
Contract assets                                                                                                 72 027
Lease receivables                          13 18 895 11 548                                          24  31
Trade and other receivables                                                                                    214 957
Cash and bank balances                     16 232 520 (4 958)                                        19  97     19 090
                                                                                                                31 477
                                                  749 285 73 593                                     43  128
                                                                                                               467 526
Monetary liabilities as per the statement  19     - 34 936                                           -   -     840 013
of financial position                                                                                          (16 964)
Non-current liabilities                    20 26 604 45 423                                          -   -
External borrowings and other liabilities
Lease liabilities                          12 212 758 2 199                                          -   -

Current liabilities                        19     20 19 070                                          -   -
Contract liabilities
External borrowings and other liabilities  20 13 121 18 356                                          -   -
Lease liabilities
Trade and other payables                   21 432 737 34 410                                         -   379

                                                  685 240 154 394                                    -   379

Net Exposure                                      64 045 (80 801)                                    43 (251)

* This amount includes exposure to NZD and other currencies within the Australasia and Asia market.

                                           Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024   00 87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

46. RISK MANAGEMENT continued
46.6 Foreign currency risk continued

2023                                          Notes  Australian Dollar equivalent amount                           Total
                                                                         (A$)                                    A$'000

                                                          A$* ZAR USD Other
                                                      A$'000* A$'000 A$'000 A$'000

Monetary assets as per the statement of       15     - 31 913                                            -    - 31 913
financial position
Non-current assets                                   - 1 573                                             -    -  1 573
Lease receivables
Other non-current assets                      12 386 961 35 446                                          -    - 422 407

Current assets                                15     - 6 459                                             -    -  6 459
Contract assets
Lease receivables                             13 19 383 14 636                                           24   30 34 073
Trade and other receivables
Cash and bank balances                        16 177 452 11 961                                          182  72 189 667

                                                     583 796 101 988                                     206  102 686 092

Monetary liabilities as per the statement of  19     21 40 140                                           -    - 40 161
financial position
Non-current liabilities                       20 18 747 49 359                                           -    - 68 106
External borrowings and other liabilities
Lease liabilities                             12 165 830 6 645                                           -    - 172 475
                                              19 25 140 15 968
Current liabilities                           20 11 898 11 988                                           -    - 41 108
Contract liabilities                          21 326 006 49 323
External borrowings and other liabilities                                                                -    - 23 886
Lease liabilities                                    547 642 173 423
Trade and other payables                                                                                 -    410 375 739

                                                                                                         -    410 721 475

Net Exposure                                         36 154 (71 435)                                     206 (308) (35 383)

*     This amount includes exposure to NZD and other currencies within the Australasia and Asia market.

                                              Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 88
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

46. RISK MANAGEMENT continued

46.7 Borrowing capacity
        The Group's borrowing capacity is set out in accordance with the terms of the Company's memorandum of
        incorporation.

The Group had the following undrawn facilities:                             2024       2023
Total borrowing facilities                                               A$'000     A$'000
Overdraft facilities
Current utilisation                                                      54 026     95 847
                                                                         14 783     16 333
Borrowing facilities available                                          (58 405)   (81 269)
                                                                         10 404     30 911

Maturity profile of financial instruments
The maturity profile of the recognised financial instruments is summarised below. These profiles represent the

undiscounted cash flows that are expected to occur in the future.

Financial Instruments                            Less than     One to       More                                      Total
                                                 one year   five years  than five                                   A$'000

                                                   A$'000      A$'000       years
                                                                          A$'000

2024                                              25 093     39 509     -          64 602
Non-derivative financial liabilities              37 430     77 902
Interest bearing borrowings                      467 526                -          115 332
Lease liabilities                                                   -
Trade and other payables                         530 049                -          467 526
                                                            117 411
                                                                        -          647 460

2023                                              48 840     48 521     -          97 361
Non-derivative financial liabilities              29 638     76 486
Interest bearing borrowings                      375 739                -          106 124
Lease liabilities                                                   -
Trade and other payables                         454 217                -          375 739
                                                            125 007
                                                                        -          579 224

                                                 Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

47. FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

        The Group measures the following financial instruments at fair value:
        · Infrastructure investments
        Infrastructure investments
        The Group measures its remaining infrastructure investment, Dimopoint Proprietary Limited at fair value through profit
        or loss. The investment in Imvelo Concession Company Proprietary Limited was classified as Held for Sale in the prior
        year ­ refer to note 10: Infrastructure investments and note 17: Non-current assets and liabilities classified as Held for
        Sale.

        (i) Dimopoint Proprietary Limited (Dimopoint)
                 Methodology
                 The value of the Group's share in Dimopoint was determined on the basis of the underlying long-term contractual
                 rental streams. The fair value was determined based on the underlying investment property portfolio.
                 Methodologies include the market comparable approach that reflects recent transaction prices for similar
                 properties and discounted cash flows. The valuation takes into consideration the selling price, escalations per
                 year, rental income escalation per year and risk- adjusted discount rates.

                 Valuation parameters and assumptions
                 The following parameters and assumptions were considered in arriving at the valuation:

                 · In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is taken into
                         account

                 · Free cash flows based on the underlying long-term contractual rental streams
                 · Market comparable yields applicable to the underlying investment property portfolio
                 · A terminal growth rate of 12% was applied

Fair value hierarchy
The table below sets out the Group's fair value hierarchy and carrying amounts of assets and liabilities:

                                                                   Valuation    Valuation Valuation
                                                                reference to
                                                                                                                    based on  based on
                                                                 observable
                                                                        prices  observable unobservable
                                                                      Level 1
                                            Carrying      Fair        A$'000                                        inputs    inputs
                                            amounts    value
                                                      A$'000                                                        Level 2   Level 3
                                              A$'000
                                                                                                                    A$'000    A$'000

2024                                        11 658 11 658       -                                                   -         11 658
Assets recognised at fair value
Assets
Infrastructure investments*

2023                                        11 319    11 319    -                                                   -         11 319
Assets recognised at fair value              4 683     4 683
Assets                                                          -                                                   4 683     -
Infrastructure investments
Infrastructure investments (Held for Sale)

* Movements relate to the unrealised foreign exchange of converting the infrastructure investments from ZAR to A$.

The Group uses Level 3 valuation techniques to measure infrastructure investments. Valuation techniques used are
appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data was available to measure fair value, maximising the use
of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

There were no transfers between the different levels during the year.

There have been no gains or losses recognised attributable to changes in unrealised gains or losses during the year.

                                            Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                 00 90
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

47. FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES continued

Sensitivity analysis: Financial assets valuations using observable and unobservable inputs
The following table shows the sensitivity of significant unobservable inputs used in measuring the fair value of

infrastructure investments:

                                                           Reasonably          Potential effect recorded
                                                               possible        directly in earnings or loss

                                                           changes to

                                                    Significant significant

                                                    unobservable unobservable  Increase  Decrease
                                                                                A$'000     A$'000
                                                    input  inputs

2024                                                16.0%  0.5%                (324)                                   324
Infrastructure investments
Risk-adjusted discount rate:                        16.0%  0.5%                (324)                                   324
- Dimopoint Proprietary Limited

2023
Infrastructure investments
Risk-adjusted discount rate:
- Dimopoint Proprietary Limited

48. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
        The directors are not aware of any significant matter or circumstance arising after the reporting date up to the date of
        this report except as stated below:

        48.1 New asset-backed debt facility
        Subsequent to year end, the Group negotiated and signed a term sheet for a new asset backed debt facility of A$15.5
        million. The facility to McConnell Dowell Corporation Limited will include the provision of security over specific assets.

        48.2 Strategic review
        As detailed in the Directors Report, Aveng has been conducting a detailed review of the corporate strategy for the Group
        with the objective of enhancing stakeholder value and maximising value to shareholders. Macquarie Capital has been
        appointed to assist with the review and implementation process.

        The review has concluded that Aveng's two operating businesses (McConnell Dowell and Moolmans) have distinctly
        different business characteristics and value propositions and as a result should pursue independent and separate
        operating and growth strategies. This will assist each business to independently access appropriate pools of capital to
        better support their investment requirements. Aveng therefore intends to pursue, through a combination of
        transactions, the creation of two separate entities:

              - McConnell Dowell (including Built Environs): a leading engineering-led construction and building contractor
                 delivering infrastructure across a diverse range of end markets; and

              - Aveng Limited: which holds Moolmans, a tier 1 contract mining business operating in sub-Saharan Africa.
        The Board is mindful of its commitments to all stakeholders through this process and intends to support and enhance
        the prospects of both entities for the benefit of all stakeholders, including clients, suppliers and employees, by
        enabling the two entities to access the most attractive capital to pursue their separate strategies. In the case of
        McConnell Dowell, this will involve pursuing a listing on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and Johannesburg
        Stock Exchange (JSE). In the case of Moolmans this will involve exploring alternative ownership options and potentially
        introducing BBBEE capital.

                                                    Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

49. RELATED PARTIES
        During the year the Group, in the ordinary course of business, entered into various sale and purchase transactions with
        equity-accounted entities.

The Group received A$0.4 million from equity-accounted investments in the prior year.

The Group received A$2.5 million (2023: A$0.4 million) from infrastructure investments in the current year.

The Group also had transactions and balances with associates and joint ventures. These are detailed below.

Refer to transactions with key management disclosed in note 45: Directors' emoluments and interests.

The Group had the following significant related party balances and transactions during the reporting period:

Balances with associates, joint ventures, joint operations, key management personnel and entities controlled by key
management personnel

Balances between the Group and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed.

                                                                                         2024                   2023
                                                                                       A$'000                 A$'000

Associates and joint ventures                                                            848                  1 753
Trade and other receivables ­ associates and joint ventures                              (41)                   (80)
Trade and other payables ­ associates and joint ventures                                 807
                                                                                                              1 673
Parent company guarantees                                                                748
Parent company guarantees (ZARm)                                                       1 521                  1 976
Parent company guarantees (A$m)                                                                               1 523

The Group had no balances with key management personnel or balances with entities controlled by key management
personnel during the year under review.

Transactions with associates, joint ventures, joint operations, key management personnel and entities controlled by
key management personnel
Transactions between the Group and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed.

The Group had no transactions with key management personnel or transactions with entities controlled by key
management personnel during the year under review.

                                 Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024            00 92
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

50. GROUP OPERATING ENTITIES

Name                                                        Country  Aveng Group effective
                                                                             consolidation %

Subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities           South Africa                  2024    2023
Andersen & Hurley Instruments (SA) Proprietary Limited      South Africa                       -   100
AP Housing Proprietary Limited                              Lesotho                                100
Aveng (Africa) Lesotho Proprietary Limited                  South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Africa Proprietary Limited                            Australia                      100     100
Aveng Australia Holdings Proprietary Limited                Chile                          100     100
Aveng Construcciones Chile Limitada                         South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Construction and Development Proprietary Limited      South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Corporate Proprietary Limited                         South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Engineering and Mining Services Proprietary Limited   Lesotho                        100     100
Aveng Engineering and Mining Services Limited               South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Intellectual Properties Proprietary Limited           South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Management Company Proprietary Limited                Democratic Republic of Congo   100     100
Aveng Mining DRC Société à Responsabilité Limitée           South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Moolmans Holdings Proprietary Limited                 Burkina Faso                   100     100
Aveng Moolmans Burkina Faso SA                              South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Moolmans Intellectual Properties Proprietary Limited  Mauritius                      100     100
Aveng Moolmans Mauritius Limited                            South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Moolmans Proprietary Limited                          South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Properties Proprietary Limited                        Malawi                         100     100
Aveng Proprietary Limited                                   Swaziland                      100     100
Aveng Swazi Proprietary Limited                             Tanzania                       100     100
Aveng Tanzania Limited                                      South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Trident Steel Holdings Proprietary Limited            South Africa                   100     100
Aveng Trident Steel Proprietary Limited                     Namibia                        100     100
Aveng Water Treatment Proprietary Limited                   Australia                      100     100
Built Environs Proprietary Limited                          Australia                      100     100
Built Environs Queensland Proprietary Limited               Australia                      100     100
Built Environs WA Proprietary Limited                       Chile                          100     100
Consorcio Aveng-Mas Errazuriz Société Anonyme               Zambia                         100       60
E+PC Engineering & Projects Company (Zambia) Limited        Hong Kong, China                       100
Glaza Limited                                               Zambia                           60    100
Grinaker-LTA Construction (Zambia) Limited                                                 100     100

                                                                                               -
                                                                                           100

      Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024                           00 93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

50. GROUP OPERATING ENTITIES continued

Name                                                         Country  Aveng Group effective consolidation
                                                                                                                 %

Subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities continued  Australia         2024   2023
Hylekite Proprietary Limited                                 South Africa              100
Ikhule Construction Incubator Proprietary Limited                               100    100
Karibib Mining and Construction Company (Namibia)            Namibia            100
Proprietary Limited                                          Kenya                     100
LTA Construction Kenya Limited                               Tanzania           100    100
LTA Construction Tanzania Limited                            Mali               100    100
LTA Mali Société Anonyme                                     American Samoa     100    100
McConnell Dowell (American Samoa) Limited                    Fiji               100    100
McConnell Dowell Fiji Limited                                Malaysia           100    100
McConnell Dowell (Malaysia) Sendirian Berhad                 Australia          100    100
McConnell Dowell Constructors (Aust) Proprietary Limited     Papua New Guinea   100    100
McConnell Dowell Constructors (PNG) Limited                  New Zealand        100    100
McConnell Dowell Constructors Limited                        Thailand           100    100
McConnell Dowell Constructors Thai Limited                   Australia          100
McConnell Dowell Corporation Limited                         Australia                   74
McConnell Dowell Corporation (NZ) Limited                    Australia            74   100
McConnell Dowell Holdings Proprietary Limited                New Caledonia      100    100
McConnell Dowell NC Société à Responsabilité Limitée         Cook Islands       100    100
McConnell Dowell (Offshore) Limited                          Brunei             100    100
McConnell Dowell PDS Sendirian Berhad                        Philippines        100    100
McConnell Dowell Philippines Incorporated                    Australia          100    100
McConnell Dowell Proprietary Limited                         Saudi Arabia       100
McConnell Dowell Saudi Arabia Limited                        Singapore                   40
McConnell Dowell South East Asia Private Limited             Botswana             40   100
Moolman Mining (Botswana) Proprietary Limited                Ghana              100
Moolman Mining Ghana Limited                                 Tanzania                    39
Moolman Mining Tanzania Limited                              Mauritius            39   100
Moolmans International Holdings Limited                      Guinea             100    100
Moolmans Mining Guinea S.A                                   Tanzania           100    100
Moolmans Mining Tanzania Limited                             South Africa       100    100
Moolmans Plant South Africa Proprietary Limited              South Africa       100    100
Moolmans South Africa Proprietary Limited                    Thailand           100    100
NFI Holdings Limited                                                            100    100
                                                                                100    100
                                                                                100    100
                                                                                100
                                                                                         49
                                                                                  49

      Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024               00 94
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

50. GROUP OPERATING ENTITIES continued

Name                                                          Country                                                 Aveng Group
                                                                                                                            effective

                                                                                                                      consolidation
                                                                                                                                    %

Subsidiaries and consolidated structured entities continued                                                           2024 2023

Perseroan Terbatas McConnell Dowell Indonesia                 Indonesia                                               94      94

Perseroan Terbatas McConnell Dowell Service                   Indonesia                                               100 100

Perseroan Terbatas Wanamas Puspita                            Indonesia                                               100 100

Roskosh Limited                                               Hong Kong, China                                        - 100

Toll Highway Development Company Proprietary Limited          South Africa                                            100 100

Trident Steel Intellectual Properties Proprietary Limited     South Africa                                            100 100

Tweed River Entrance Sand Bypassing Company Proprietary Limited Australia                                             100 100

Umkomazi Mining Zambia Limited (formerly Moolman Mining Zambia Zambia                                                 100 100
Limited)                                                                                                              100 100

Umkomazi River Portfolio Proprietary Limited                  South Africa

Associates, Joint ventures and Infrastructure Investments

AEF Mining Services Proprietary Limited                       South Africa                                            30      30

Dimopoint Proprietary Limited                                 South Africa                                            30      30

Dutco McConnel Dowell Middle East Limited Liability Company*  United Arab Emirates                                    49      49

Dutco McConnell Dowell Fabrication Limited Liability Company  Qatar                                                   49      49

Dutco McConnell Dowell Qatar Limited Liability Company        Qatar                                                   49      49

Grinaker-LTA Fair Construction SARL                           Rwanda                                                  50      50

Imvelo Concession Company Proprietary Limited                 South Africa                                            -       30

Lesedi Tracks Proprietary Limited                             South Africa                                            25      25

McConnell Dowell Gulf Limited                                 United Arab Emirates                                    49      49

McConnell Dowell Abu Dhabi LLC                                United Arab Emirates                                    49      49

MAJV Pty Ltd                                                  Australia                                               50      50

Northern Toll Road Construction Limited                       South Africa                                            24      24

Steeledale Proprietary Limited                                South Africa                                            30      30

* These associates and joint ventures have a reporting period (31 December) which is different to that of the Group.

                                                           Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

50. GROUP OPERATING ENTITIES continued

Name                                                                  Country         Aveng Group effective
                                                                                              consolidation %

Joint Operations                                                                      2024                                    2023

McConnell Dowell / ABI ADP (Adelaide Desalination)                    Australia          50                                      50
                                                                                         50                                      50
McConnell Dowell / BMD Constructions (Fitzroy to Gladstone pipeline)  Australia          50
                                                                                         60                                        -
McConnell Dowell / CPB Contractors (Tram Grade Separation Project)    Australia          50                                      60
                                                                                                                                 50
McConnell Dowell / Decmil (Mordialloc Bypass)                         Australia            -                                     50
                                                                                         50                                      50
McConnell Dowell / Diona JV - SA Water Frameworks Project             Australia          50                                      50
                                                                                                                                 50
McConnell Dowell / Downer JV ­ Downer (formerly) Hawkins (Connectus CRL) New Zealand       -
                                                                                         50                                        -
McConnell Dowell / Downer JV ­ CSM2                                   New Zealand        23                                      23

McConnell Dowell / Downer EDI Works (Waurn Ponds)                     Australia

McConnell Dowell / Downer JV ­ (Wynyard Edge Alliance)                New Zealand

McConnell Dowell / DT Infrastructure (Waurn Ponds)                    Australia

McConnell Dowell / Fletchers / Obayashi (Waterview maintenance)       New Zealand

McConnell Dowell / Fulton Hogan / HEB Contractors (Northern Pathway   New Zealand
Alliance)
                                                                                      33                                      33

McConnell Dowell / Fulton Hogan Joint Venture                         New Zealand     50                                      50

McConnell Dowell / GE Betz/ United Group Infrastructure (WSRW)        Australia       20                                      20

McConnell Dowell / Georgiou / Arcadis / BG&E (Midland Station)        Australia       52                                      52

McConnell Dowell / Heb (Pukekohe)                                     New Zealand     50                                      50

McConnell Dowell / Heb (Wellington Sludge Minimisation)               New Zealand     50                                      -

McConnell Dowell / John Holland (Kidston Hydro)                       Australia       50                                      50

McConnell Dowell / John Holland McConnell Dowell JV ­ JRL 108 (LTA)   Singapore       100                                     100

McConnell Dowell / John Holland (Papakura to Pukekohe)                New Zealand     50                                      50

McConnell Dowell / Lend Lease (MLJV Pty Ltd)                          Australia       50                                      50

McConnell Dowell / Marina Technologies and Construction ­ MBS         Singapore       -                                       65

McConnell Dowell / Martinus Rail JV (Murray Basin)                    Australia       80                                      80

McConnell Dowell / Obayashi JV (Warragamba Dam)                       Australia       60                                      60

McConnell Dowell / OHL SA (K2K)                                       Australia       50                                      50

McConnell Dowell / SYS (SPJ)                                          Malaysia        -                                       65

McConnell Dowell PP Pesero TBK JV ­ Palembang City Sewerage Project   Indonesia       50                                      50

Northern Toll Roads Joint Venture                                     South Africa    50                                      50

                                                           Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00 96
CONTENTS

The reports and statements set out below comprise the separate annual financial statements presented to the shareholders:

Separate statement of financial position                                                              97

Separate statement of comprehensive earnings                                                          98

Separate statement of changes in equity                                                               99

Separate statement of cash flows                                                                      100

Notes to the separate financial statements                                                            101

                                              Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024       00
                                                                                                           97
SEPARATE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

 as at 30 June 2024

ave

                               Notes  2024                                              2023
                                       Rm                                                 Rm

ASSETS                         2      3 950                                            3 934
Non-current assets                                                                       143
Investments in subsidiaries    3      118
Amounts owing by subsidiaries                                                          4 077
                                      4 068
Current assets                                                                           232
Amounts owing by subsidiaries  3      232                                                   3
Other receivables                                                                           1
Taxation receivable                   -
Cash and bank balances                                                                   101
                                      -                                                  337
TOTAL ASSETS                                                                           4 414
EQUITY AND LIABLITIES          4      -
Equity                                                                                 5 107
Stated capital                        232                                               (358)
Other Reserves                                                                          (997)
Accumulated losses                    4 300                                            3 752

LIABILITIES                    5      5 133                                              566
Non-current liabilities                                                                  566
Amounts owing to subsidiaries         (363)
                                                                                          82
Current liabilities                   (1 075)                                             14
Amounts owing to subsidiaries                                                             96
Trade and other payables              3 695                                              662
                                                                                       4 414
TOTAL LIABILITIES              3      496
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
                                      496

                               3      91

                               6      18

                                      109

                                      605

                                      4 300

                               Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024  00
                                                                                       98
ve

SEPARATE STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS

 for the year ended 30 June 2024

Operating expenses                                                                 Notes     2024      2023
Other earnings                                                                                 Rm        Rm
                                                                                         8              (52)
Operating earnings                                                                       7    (38)      689
Management fees paid                                                                           41       637
Impairment of investment                                                                 2               (1)
Finance earnings                                                                         9       3
Other finance expenses                                                                 10     (19)   (1 256)
                                                                                                         23
Loss before taxation                                                                   11         -       (2)
Taxation                                                                                         3
                                                                                              (65)     (599)
Loss for the year                                                                             (78)         -
                                                                                                  -
Other comprehensive earnings to be reclassified to earnings or loss in subsequent             (78)     (599)
periods (net of taxation):
Other comprehensive earnings for the year*                                                        -        -
                                                                                              (78)     (599)
Total comprehensive loss for the year
                                                                                              (61)     (475)
Results per share (cents)                                                                     (61)     (475)
Loss - basic
                                                                                            131.3    131.3
Loss - diluted                                                                              128.4    126.1
                                                                                            128.4    126.1
Number of shares (millions)
In issue

Weighted Average
Diluted weighted average

*  Net of taxation

                                       Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024        00
                                                                                                     99
   SEPARATE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

   for the year ended 30 June 2024

                                                                                         Equity-settled      Foreign
                                                                                                           currency
                                                                                         share-based     translation                 Total
                                                                                                                                    other
                                                                                Stated   payment             reserve      Other  reserves   Accumulated      Total
                                                                                                                      reserves*                     losses  equity
                                                                                Capital  reserve                  Rm                   Rm               Rm
                                                                                                                             Rm                                Rm
                                                                                Rm       Rm

Year ended 30 June 2023

Balance at 1 July 2022                                                          5 078    87              (54)         (377)      (344)      (398)           4 336
                                                                                                                                     -      (599)            (599)
Loss for the year                                                               -        -               -            -              -      (599)            (599)

Total comprehensive loss for the year                                           -        -               -            -            15            -             15
                                                                                                                                 (29)            -               -
Equity settled share-based payment - shares granted                             -        15              -            -
                                                                                                                                 (14)            -             15
Equity settled share-based payment - shares vested                              29       (29)            -            -          (358)      (997)           3 752

Total contributions and distributions to owners of company recognised directly

in equity                                                                       29       (14)            -            -

Balance at 30 June 2023                                                         5 107    73              (54)         (377)

Year ended 30 June 2024                                                         5 107    73              (54)         (377)      (358)      (997)           3 752
Balance at 1 July 2023                                                               -
Loss for the year                                                                    -   -               -            -          -          (78)                              (78)
                                                                                     -
Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                    -               -            -          -          (78)                              (78)
Equity settled share-based payment - shares granted                                26
Equity settled share-based payment - shares vested                                       21              -            -          21         -                                 21
                                                                                   26
Total contributions and distributions to owners of company recognised directly           (26)            -            -          (26)       -                                 -
in equity
                                                                                         (5)             -            -          (5)        -                                 21

Balance at 30 June 2024                                                         5 133    68              (54)         (377)      (363)      (1 075)         3 695

Note                                                                            5        12

*     This is as a result of the amendment to the loan agreement with Aveng Australia Holdings Proprietary Limited (subsidiary) in prior periods, in which interest charged on the loan since inception had been waivered. It was treated as

      capital due to the Parent/ Subsidiary relationship.

                                                                                                                      Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024    00
                                                                                                                                                                              100
SEPARATE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

 as at 30 June 2024

aea

Cash utilised by operating activities                Notes   2024                                             2023
Finance expenses paid                                          Rm                                               Rm
Finance earnings received                               14
Taxation paid                                           16    (16)                                             (51)
                                                        17       -                                              (2)
Cash outflow from operating activities                  15       6                                              22
                                                               (1)                                                -
Investing activities                                      4
Subscription of shares in Aveng Moolmans Holdings             (11)                                             (31)
Dividends received
Loan advanced to associate                                       -                                           (300)
Loan repaid by associate                                         -                                            175
Repayment of loans by subsidiaries                               -
Loans advanced to subsidiaries                                   -                                           (210)
                                                             227                                              210
Cash outflow from investing activities                       (159)                                            226
                                                                68                                           (222)
Financing activities                                                                                         (121)
Loans advanced by subsidiaries                                130
Settlement of amounts to subsidiaries                        (288)                                                -
                                                                                                                  -
Cash outflow from financing activities                       (158)
Net decrease in cash and bank balances                       (101)                                                -
Cash and bank balances at beginning of the year              101                                             (152)
                                                                                                              253
Total cash and bank balances at the end of the year              *                                            101

Net cash position                                            101                                              101

* Less than R1 million

                                                     Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024   00
                                                                                                             101
NOTES TO THE SEPARATE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 for the year ended 30 June 2024

ave

1. BASIS OF PREPARATION
        The separate financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets
        which are measured at fair value.

        The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the Group's financial statements.

2. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES                                                        % holding  2024                          2023
        Name of company                                                                           Rm                            Rm
                                                                       Country        2024

Aveng Australia Holdings Proprietary Limited                               Australia  100        1 531                         1 526
Capital contribution to Aveng Australia Holdings Proprietary
Limited (bifurcation of loan)                                              Australia  100        368                             368
Aveng Africa Proprietary Limited                                       South Africa                                                 -
Aveng Corporate Proprietary Limited                                    South Africa   100        -                                  -
Aveng Moolmans Holdings Proprietary Limited                            South Africa
Moolmans Mauritius Proprietary Limited                                                100        11                            2 040
Aveng Properties Proprietary Limited                                      Mauritius                                                 *
Aveng Management Company Proprietary Limited                           South Africa   100        2 040                              *
                                                                       South Africa                                                 *
                                                                                      100
                                                                                                                               3 934
                                                                                      100        **

                                                                                      100        *

                                                                                                 3 950

Reconciliation of investments in subsidiaries                                                    3 934                        3 803
Opening balance                                                                                       -                          300
Investment in Aveng Moolmans Holdings Proprietary Limited                                             -
Capital contribution to Aveng Moolmans Holdings Proprietary Limited**                                 *                        1079
Investment in Moolmans Mauritius Proprietary Limited                                                   -                            -
Impairment of investment in Aveng Africa Proprietary Limited
IFRS 2 Share based payment - granting of instruments to subsidiary                                  16                        (1 256)
employees
                                                                                                                                    8
                                                                                                 3 950
                                                                                                                              3 934

*  Amounts are less than R1 million.

** The directors agreed to a capitalisation of the loan between the Company and Aveng Moolmans Holdings Proprietary Limited.

   Consequently, R1,1 billion has been transferred to the investment.

All of the entities listed above are consolidated into the Group structure.
The carrying amount of the subsidiaries are shown net of impairment losses.

Impairment of Investment in Aveng Africa Proprietary Limited
In the prior year, an impairment assessment was performed on the investment in Aveng Africa Proprietary Limited
following the disposal of the net assets of Trident Steel, a division of Aveng Africa and the disposal of Moolmans, a
division of Aveng Africa, as a going concern to Aveng Moolmans Holdings Proprietary Limited. Aveng Limited owns,
directly or indirectly, 100% of both Aveng Africa Proprietary Limited and Aveng Moolmans Holdings Proprietary Limited
before and after the disposal. An impairment loss of R1 256 million was required in order to show the investment at an
appropriate recoverable amount. This recoverable amount was based on the remaining net asset value of Aveng Africa,
adjusted for specific value-in-use factors expected to influence the net asset value within the next 12 months. The fair
value of these assets falls within Level 3 of the hierarchy identified in IFRS 13.

                                                                       Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024   00
                                                                                                                               102
NOTES TO THE SEPARATE ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

3. AMOUNTS OWING BY / (TO) SUBSIDARIES                                                            2024           2023
                                                                                                   Rm              Rm
        Reconciliation of amounts owing by subsidiaries
        Opening balance                                                                           375                                    370
        Cash movement
        Non-cash movement*                                                                        (72)                                   4

        Balance at the end of the year                                                            47                                     1
        Reconciliation of amounts owing to subsidiaries
        Opening Balance                                                                           350                                    375
        Cash movement
        Non-cash movement                                                                         (648)            (75)
                                                                                                   162                -
        Balance at the end of the year                                                            (101)
        Non-interest bearing to subsidiaries                                                                     (573)
        Non-interest bearing from subsidiaries                                                    (587)
                                                                                                                 (648)
        Net amounts owing by subsidiaries                                                          350
        Non-current assets                                                                        (587)           375
        Current assets                                                                                           (648)
        Non-current liabilities                                                                   (237)
        Current liabilities                                                                                      (273)
                                                                                                   118
        Net amounts owing by subsidiaries                                                          232            143
     In the current year, non- cash movements include a dividend in specie of R41 million.        (496)           232
                                                                                                   (91)          (566)
                                                                                                                   (82)
                                                                                                  (237)
                                                                                                            370  (273)

4. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                             Rm                   Rm

Cash and bank balances**                                                                    *                                            101

                                                                                            *                                            101

* Less than R1 million
** The cash balance at year end is part of the committed inter-group support and guarantee structure implemented through Aveng Limited.

                           Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2023                                                         00
                                                                                                                                         103
NOTES TO THE SEPARATE ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

5. STATED CAPITAL                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                                           Rm                Rm
        Authorised
        Ordinary shares                                                                        361 764 068       361 764 068
        Number of shares                                                                               9 044             9 044
        Value (Rm)
        Class A shares                                                                       1 000 000 000     1 000 000 000
        Number of shares                                                                               5 000             5 000
        Value (Rm)
                                                                                               127 135 041       127 135 041
        Issued                                                                                         5 102             5 076
        Ordinary shares
        Number of shares                                                                          4 155 979         4 155 979
        Value (Rm)                                                                                         31                31
        Class A shares
        Number of shares*                                                                              5 133             5 107
        Value (Rm)
                                                                                                                    5 343 186
        Stated capital (Rm)                                                                                                 65

Shares held in terms of equity-settled share-based payment plan                                 2 897 646              Number
- Number of shares (after share consolidation)                                                         20             of shares
                                                                                                                 129 483 343
- Market value (Rm)                                                                               Number            1 807 677
                                                                                                 of shares       131 291 020
Reconciliation of number of shares issued                                                                          (5 343 186)
                                                                                             131 291 020         125 947 834
Opening balance                                                                                            -
Share issue - Equity-settled share-based payment plan (29 June 2023)
Closing balance                                                                              131 291 020
Less: treasury shares                                                                          (2 897 646)

Number of shares in issue excluding treasury shares                                          128 393 374

*  Aveng Class A Shares rank pari passu with Aveng Ordinary Shares (save for voting rights)

                                                     Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2023     00
                                                                                                               104
NOTES TO THE SEPARATE ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

6. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES                                                                    2024                                 2023
                                                                                                Rm                                   Rm
        Shareholders for dividends                                                                                                     6
        Accrued expenses                                                                          6                                    8
                                                                                                 12                                   14
7. OPERATING LOSS                                                                                18
        Operating loss for the year is stated after accounting for the following:                                                     (8)
        Auditors' remuneration - fees                                                           (10)                                 (10)
        Directors' fees                                                                         (10)                                 (21)
        Consulting Fees                                                                                                              (1)
        Travel and entertainment expenses                                                        (9)
        Public company costs                                                                       -                                  (3)
        IFRS 2 share-based payment expense                                                                                            (6)
                                                                                                 (3)
                                                                                                 (5)                                514
                                                                                                                                    175
8. OTHER EARNINGS                                                                    x                                              689
        Dividends received - in specie                                                          41
        Dividends received - cash                                                                  -                                   3
                                                                                                41                                    20
9. FINANCE EARNINGS                                                                                                                   23
        Interest received on amounts owing by subsidiaries                                        3
        Interest received on bank balances*                                                       -                                    2
                                                                                                  3                                    2
         * Interest earned on positive bank balances throughout the year.
                                                                                                                                        -
10. OTHER FINANCE EXPENSES                                                           x                                                  -
        Interest incurred on amounts owing to subsidiaries                                      65
                                                                                                                                   27.0
                                                                                               65                                  31.0

11. TAXATION                                                                                                                             -
                                                                                                                                   (58.0)
Major components of the taxation income
                                                                                                                                        -
Current taxation

Local income taxation - current year                                                           -

Total taxation                                                                                      -

Reconciliation between applicable taxation rate and effective taxation rate:                   27.0
Applicable taxation rate                                                                       (2.2)
Exempt income / non-taxable income*                                                            (5.4)
Deferred tax asset not recognised                                                              (19.4)
Disallowable charges**

Effective taxation rate for the year                                                           -

South African income tax is calculated at 27% (2023: 27%) of the taxable income for the year.

*  Exempt income relates to dividend income which does not represent taxable income

** Disallowed expenses relate to expenditure not incurred in the production of taxable income (2023: accounting impairments)

                                                                           Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024   00
                                                                                                                                   105
NOTES TO THE SEPARATE ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

12. EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED PAYMENT RESERVE
        The Company has a forfeitable share plan in place under which certain senior executives have been granted shares in
        the Company. A description of the plan as well as the terms and conditions relating to awards made are disclosed in the
        remuneration report.

                                                                                          2024                                             2023
                                                                                           Rm                                                Rm

Directors and prescribed officers of Aveng Limited participating in MIP                   15                                               24
Opening balance
Equity-settled share-based payment expense*                                                            -                                   6
Equity-settled share-based payment vested
Equity-settled share-based payment forfeited                                              (10)                                             (15)

Directors and prescribed officers of Aveng Limited participating in MIP                      (5)                                           -

                                                                                                       -                                   15

Equity-settled share-based payment reserve associated to previous schemes                 40                                               40

Directors and prescribed officers of subsidiaries of Aveng Limited participating in MIP                -                                   9

Directors and prescribed officers of subsidiaries of Aveng Limited participating in LTIP               6                                      -

Senior managers of subsidiaries of Aveng Limited participating in LTIP                    22                                               9

Total Equity-settled share-based payment reserve                                          68                                               73

* The equity-settled share-based payment expense recognised in the current year relates to the shares granted in the current year in accordance
     with the Long-term incentive plan 2022 (LTIP) rules. The equity-settled share-based awards vest when certain retention and non-market
     performance conditions are met. At 30 June 2024, the Group expects that all participants will meet the retention and performance conditions as
     established in the MIP plan. Refer to note 25: Share-based payments in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the
     performance and retention conditions.

13. EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED PAYMENT
        Equity-settled share-based payment plan
        Management Incentive Plan
        In terms of the Management Incentive Plan 2021 (MIP), senior executives of the Group, including executive directors
        and prescribed officers, were granted shares in the Group for no consideration. The specific issue of shares formed part
        of the Rights Offer transaction concluded on the 19 March 2021. The provision of shares will serve as a retention
        mechanism and an incentive mechanism over a three-year period.

        As soon as was practically possible following the completion of the Rights Offer on 19 March 2021, a portion of the
        awards to Group Executives vested in line with the rules of the MIP. The remaining awards were subject to the
        satisfaction of retention and / or performance conditions measured over the performance period ending 30 June 2022
        and 30 June 2023 respectively. The performance awards that vest at 30 June 2022 are subject to re-testing at 30 June
        2023 if the performance conditions are not met at 30 June 2022.

        There is no remaining contractual life for the shares outstanding at 30 June 2023.

                                                                                           Number                                           Number
                                                                                          of shares                                        of shares

                                                                                               2024                                             2023

The movements during the year were as follows:                                            3 330 268        6 976 000
Opening balance                                                                           (2 136 000)     (3 308 121)
Shares vested / exercised*                                                                (1 194 268)
Shares forfeited                                                                                            (337 611)

                                                                                          -               3 330 268

Fair value of shares granted to participants (R per share)                                -                                                7,50
                                                                                                                                             25
Total value of unvested shares to participants (Rm)                                       -

* The shares were part of a specific rights issue in the name of the participants and are currently held in escrow accounts until vesting

                                                            Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024                          00
                                                                                                                                           106
NOTES TO THE SEPARATE ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

13. EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED PAYMENT
        Equity-settled share-based payment plan

Long Term Incentive Plan 2022
In terms of the Long Term Incentive Plan 2022 (LTIP 2022), senior executives of the Group, are granted shares in the
Group for no consideration. The provision of shares will serve as a retention mechanism and an incentive mechanism
over a three-year period.

The awards will be subject to the satisfaction of retention and / or performance conditions measured over the
performance period ending 30 June 2022, 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2024 respectively. The performance awards that
vest at 30 June 2023 are not subject to re-resting at 30 June 2024 if the performance conditions are not met at 30 June
2022.

The fair value of the shares is estimated at the grant date taking into account the terms and conditions contained in the
LTIP2022 rules as well as the rights associated with these shares to participate in dividends and shareholder rights from
grant date. The shares are subject to forfeit if the employee leaves the employment of the Group prior to the vesting
dates and/or if performance conditions are not met. On resignation, retirement, retrenchment or dismissal, all unvested
awards of the participant will be forfeited immediately on the date on termination of the employment. Where the
employment of the participant is terminated as a result of death, all of a participant's unvested awards will vest on the
date of termination of employment. The plan is settled in shares and therefore is equity-settled. There are no portions
of the plan that have been or will be cash-settled.

The movement during the year was as follows:

                                                                2024       2023
                                                            Number     Number
                                                           of shares  of shares

Opening balance                                            5 049 160  1 567 100
Shares granted                                               615 800  3 795 400
Shares vested / exercised                                             (288 680)
Shares forfeited                                           (973 565)
                                                           (398 165)   (24 660)

                                                           4 293 230  5 049 160

Fair value of shares granted to participant (R per share)  13,48      13,48
Total value of forfeitable shares to participants (Rm)        58         68

                                                           Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024   00
                                                                                                                   107
NOTES TO THE SEPARATE ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

14. CASH UTILISED FROM OPERATIONS

                                                                                             2024                           2023
                                                                                                                             Rm
                                                                                       Note  Rm

Loss before taxation                                                                         (78)                           (599)

Adjustments for:                                                                       9     (3)                            (23)
Finance earnings
Finance and transaction expenses                                                       10    65                             2
Dividends received
                                                                                       8     (41)                           (689)
Cash utilised from operations
Non-cash and other movements                                                                 (57)                           (1 309)

Cash utilised from operations                                                          14.1  37                             1 262
Changes in working capital
                                                                                             (20)                           (47)

                                                                                       14.2  4                              (4)

                                                                                             (16)                           (51)

14.1 Non-cash and other movements                                                      7     5                              6

        IFRS 2 Share based payment - granting of instruments to participants                 -                              1 256
        Impairment of investment
        Management fees                                                                      19                             -
        Non-cash operating expenses
                                                                                             13                             -

                                                                                             37                             1 262

14.2 Movements in working capital                                                            4                              (4)
        Increase / (decrease) in trade and other payables

                                                                                             4                              (4)

15. TAXATION PAID

Amounts unpaid at the beginning of the year                                                  1                              1

Amounts charged to the statement of comprehensive earnings ­ normal tax                11    -                              -

Amounts unpaid at the end of year                                                            -                              (1)

                                                                                             1                              -

16. FINANCE AND TRANSACTION EXPENSES PAID                                                    65                             2
        Amounts charged to the statement of comprehensive earnings
        Movement in finance expenses unpaid                                                  (65)                           -

                                                                                             -`                             2

17. FINANCE EARNINGS RECEIVED                                                                3                              23
        Interest received
        Movement in accrued finance earnings                                                 3                              (1)

                                                                                             6                              22

18. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

Contingent liabilities at reporting date, not otherwise provided for in the financial

statements, arising from:

Parent Company guarantees issued in:

- Australasia and Asia (A$m)                                                                 2                              2

Contract performance guarantees issued by the parent company on behalf of its Group companies are calculated either

on the basis of all or part of the contract sum of each respective assignment, depending on the terms of the agreement,

without being offset against amounts received as compensation from the customer.

                                                                    Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024   00
                                                                                                                            108
NOTES TO THE SEPARATE ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

19. RELATED PARTIES
        During the year the Company and its subsidiaries, in the ordinary course of business, entered into various transactions.
        There were no related party transactions with directors or entities in which the directors have a material interest.

        Directors' emoluments
        Refer to note 45: Directors' emoluments in the Group financial statements for detail.

                                                        2024                                                             2023
                                                         Rm                                                               Rm

Related party balances                                  (489)                                                            (569)
Net indebtedness due by / (to) subsidiaries             230                                                               231
Aveng Africa Proprietary Limited*                       (22)                                                                17
Aveng Moolmans Holdings Proprietary Limited             120                                                               124
Aveng Corporate Proprietary Limited                      (76)                                                              (76)
Aveng Australia Holdings Proprietary Limited
Aveng Limited Share Purchase Trust

                                                        (237)                                                            (273)

Related party transactions                              3                                                                -
Finance earnings
Aveng Africa Proprietary Limited                                                                                      -  3
Trident Steel Holdings BEE Company Proprietary Limited

                                                        3                                                                3

Finance expenses                                        63                                                               -
Aveng Africa Proprietary Limited
Aveng Limited Share Purchase Trust                      2                                                                2

                                                        65                                                               2

Dividend earnings                                                                                                     -  440
Aveng Africa Proprietary Limited
Aveng Properties Proprietary Limited                                                                                  -  74
Aveng Australia Holdings Proprietary Limited
                                                        41                                                               175

                                                        41                                                               689

Management fees received / (paid)                       (21)                                                             1
Aveng Corporate Proprietary Limited
Aveng Australia Holdings Proprietary Limited            2                                                                -

                                                        (19)                                                             1

* Non-current loan with Aveng Africa carries interest at the prime lending rate and is fully repayable in June 2026.

20. RISK MANAGEMENT
        The Company is exposed to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. In order to manage these risks, the Company may
        enter into transactions which make use of the financial instruments. The Company has developed a risk management
        process to facilitate, control and monitor these risks. This process includes formal documentation of policies, including
        limits, controls and reporting structures.

The Company actively monitors the following risks:

20.1 Capital risk management
        The primary objective of the Company's capital management policy is to ensure that the Company maintains a
        strong credit rating and healthy capital ratios in order to support its business.

The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in response to changes in economic
conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may adjust the dividend payment to
shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares.

No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during the years ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June
2024.

                                                        Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024            00
                                                                                                                         109
NOTES TO THE SEPARATE ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

for the year ended 30 June 2024

20. RISK MANAGEMENT continued
        20.1 Capital risk management continued
                 The Company includes within its net cash position, cash and bank balances less borrowings and other liabilities.

Capital includes equity attributable to the equity-holders of the company of R3,7 billion (2023: R3,8 billion).

20.2 Liquidity risk
        The Company remains confident that available cash resources, facilities and operating cash flows will be sufficient
        to meet its funding requirements. There have been no breaches or defaults on any payables during the period.

20.3 Interest rate risk
        The Company does not have exposure to interest rate risk as there is no external debt.

Cash balances all carry interest at rates that vary in response to prevailing market rates in the respective
geographical areas of the Company's operations.

No financial instruments are entered into to mitigate the risk of interest rates.

20.4 Credit risk
        The Company's only material exposure to credit risk is in its cash balances (refer to note 3: Cash and bank
        balances) and amounts due from subsidiaries (refer to note 3: Amounts owing by/(to) subsidiaries). The
        maximum exposure to credit risk is set out in note 3: Cash and bank balances. There was no collateral held on
        the above balances as at the 2024 year end.

Deposits and cash balances are all kept at financial institutions with a high credit rating, as determined by credit
rating agencies within a credit limit policy which is subject to regular review.

The Company's expected credit loss provision is immaterial.

20.5 Borrowing capacity
        The Company's borrowings capacity is unlimited in terms of the Company's memorandum of incorporation.
        The Company does not have any undrawn facilities.

20.6 Categories of financial instruments
        All financial assets and liabilities of the Company are at amortised cost.

20.7 Maturity profile of financial instruments
        The maturity profile of the recognised financial instruments is summarised below. These profiles represent the
        undiscounted cash flows that are expected to occur in the future.

Financial liabilities                 Less than                                        One to     Beyond    Total
                                      one year                                      five years  five years    Rm

                                             Rm                                            Rm          Rm

2024                                                         91                     496         -                587
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Amounts owing to subsidiaries                                18                     -           -                18

Trade and other payables

                                                             109                    496         -                605

2023                                                         82                     566         -                648
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Amounts owing to subsidiaries                                14                     -           -                14
Trade and other payables

                                                             96                     566         -                662

21. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
        The directors are not aware of any matter or circumstance arising since the end of the reporting period not otherwise
        dealt with in the consolidated annual financial statements of Aveng Limited (Refer to note 48: Events after the reporting
        period in consolidated statements) which significantly affects the financial position of the Company as at 30 June 2024
        or the results of its operations or cash flow for the year then ended.

                                      Aveng Company audited annual financial statements 2024                      00
                                                                                                                 110
AUDITOR'S ASSURANCE REPORT

for the year ended 30 June 2024

Auditor's Assurance Report on the compilation of the Supplementary information of Aveng Limited

To the Directors of Aveng Limited

Introduction

We have completed our assurance engagement to report on the compilation of the Supplementary information of Aveng
Limited ("Aveng" or "the Group"), incorporated in the Aveng Audited Consolidated and Separate Annual Financial Statements
for the year ended 30 June 2024 ("2024 Financial Statements") by the directors of Aveng ("Directors").

The Supplementary information comprises of each financial statement caption included in the supplementary consolidated
statement of financial position and supplementary consolidated statement of comprehensive earnings for the year ended 30
June 2024, translated into South African Rand at a closing exchange rate for supplementary consolidated statement of financial
position and at an average exchange rate for supplementary consolidated statement of comprehensive earnings ("Pro forma
Adjustments") as set out in Annexure 1 to the 2024 Financial Statements ("Supplementary Consolidated Statements"), as well
as the basis of preparation set out in note 1.3: Supplementary information, to the accounting policies forming part of the 2024
Financial Statements ("Supplementary Information Accounting Policy").

The Supplementary Consolidated Statements and the Supplementary Information Accounting Policy collectively comprise the
Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial information to which this report relates.

The applicable criteria on the basis of which the Directors have compiled the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information is
specified in Johannesburg Stock Exchange Limited ("JSE") Listings Requirements ("JSE Listings Requirements"), including the
JSE Guidance Letter: Presentation of pro forma financial information dated 4 March 2010, and described in the Supplementary
Information Accounting Policy.

The Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information has been compiled by the Directors to assist the stakeholders in
interpreting the financial performance of the Group in the previously reported currency. As part of this process the audited
consolidated statement of financial position and audited consolidated statement of comprehensive earnings for the year ended
30 June 2024 ("Audited Consolidated Statements") have been extracted by the Directors from the 2024 Financial Statements
on which an unmodified audit opinion has been issued on 19 August 2024.

Directors' responsibility for the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information
The Directors are solely responsible for the compilation and presentation of the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information
on the basis of the applicable criteria specified in the JSE Listings Requirements including Guidance Letter: Presentation of pro
forma financial information dated 4 March 2010, and described in the Supplementary Information Accounting Policy (the
"Applicable Criteria").

Our independence and quality control
We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the Code of Professional Conduct for Registered
Auditors issued by the Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors (IRBA Code), which is founded on fundamental principles of
integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behavior. The IRBA Code is
consistent with the corresponding sections of the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' International Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards).

KPMG Inc. applies the International Standard on Quality Management 1, which requires the firm to design, implement and
operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements,
professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

Independent Auditor's responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion about whether the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information has been
compiled, in all material respects, by the Directors on the basis specified in the JSE Listings Requirements, including the JSE
Guidance Letter: Presentation of pro forma financial information dated 4 March 2010, and described in the Supplementary
Information Accounting Policy.

                                                                                                 Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024 10101
AUDITOR'S ASSURANCE REPORT

for the year ended 30 June 2024

We conducted our engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3420, Assurance
Engagements to Report on the Compilation of Pro Forma Financial Information Included in a Prospectus, issued by the
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. This standard requires that the auditor plans and performs procedures
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Directors have compiled, in all material respects, the Supplementary Non-
IFRS Financial Information on the basis specified in JSE Listings Requirements, including the JSE Guidance Letter: Presentation
of pro forma financial information dated 4 March 2010, and described in the Supplementary Information Accounting Policy.
For purposes of this engagement, we are not responsible for updating or reissuing any reports or opinions on any historical
financial information used in compiling the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information. We note, however, that we audited
the 2024 Financial Statements used in compiling the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information. We issued our unmodified
audit opinion on the 2024 Financial Statements on 19 August 2024.

The purpose of the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information included in the 2024 Financial Statements is solely to assist
the stakeholders in interpreting the financial performance of the Group in the previously reported currency.

A reasonable assurance engagement to report on whether the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information has been
compiled, in all material respects, on the basis of the Applicable Criteria involves performing procedures to assess whether the
Applicable Criteria used by the Directors in the compilation of the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information provides a
reasonable basis for presenting the events and conditions to obtain sufficient appropriate evidence about whether:

· The Pro forma Adjustments give appropriate effect to the Applicable Criteria; and

· The Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information reflects the proper application of the Pro forma Adjustments to the
unadjusted Audited Consolidated Statements of the Group.

Our procedures selected depend on our judgment, having regard to our understanding of the nature of the Group and the Pro
forma Adjustments in respect of the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information has been compiled and other relevant
engagement circumstances.

Our engagement also involves evaluating the overall presentation of the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information.

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Opinion

In our opinion, the Supplementary Non-IFRS Financial Information has been compiled, in all material respects, on the basis of
the Applicable Criteria specified in the JSE Listings Requirements, including the JSE Guidance Letter: Presentation of pro forma
financial information dated 4 March 2010, and described in the Supplementary Information Accounting Policy.

Restriction on use

This report has been prepared for the purpose of satisfying the requirements of the JSE Listings Requirements, and for no other
purpose.

KPMG Inc.

Per FHC von Eckardstein
Chartered Accountant (SA)
Registered Auditor
Director
19 August 2024

                                                                                                 Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024 10102
ANNEXURE 1 ­ SUPPLEMENTARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
POSITION

as at 30 June 2024

                                                                                                               2024         2023
                                                                                                                Rm            Rm

   ASSETS                                                                                                         100       100
   Non-current assets                                                                                           2 870     2 968
   Goodwill arising on consolidation
   Property, plant and equipment                                                                                  713       489
   Right-of-use assets                                                                                            142       142
   Infrastructure investments                                                                                   1 282     1 006
   Deferred taxation                                                                                              292       400
   Lease receivables
   Other non-current assets                                                                                         28        20
                                                                                                                5 427     5 125
   Current assets
   Inventories                                                                                                    250       262
   Contract assets                                                                                              6 460     5 302
   Trade and other receivables
   Taxation receivable                                                                                            374       427
   Lease receivables                                                                                                  -       27
   Cash and bank balances                                                                                                     81
                                                                                                                    98
   Assets Held for Sale                                                                                         2 772     2 381
   TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                                 9 954     8 480

   EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                                                             -       59
   Equity                                                                                                      15 381    13 664
   Stated capital
   Other reserves                                                                                               4 801     4 776
   Accumulated losses                                                                                           1 621     1 678
   Equity attributable to equity-holders of parent                                                             (2 989)   (3 305)
   Non-controlling interest                                                                                     3 433     3 149
   TOTAL EQUITY
                                                                                                                     6         6
   LIABILITIES                                                                                                  3 439     3 155
   Non-current liabilities
   Deferred taxation                                                                                              290       218
   External borrowings and other liabilities                                                                      426       504
   Lease liabilities                                                                                              877       854
   Provisions
   Employee-related payables                                                                                        52        86
                                                                                                                  490       446
   Current liabilities                                                                                          2 135     2 108
   Contract liabilities
   External borrowings and other liabilities                                                                    2 617     2 165
   Lease liabilities                                                                                              233       516
   Employee-related payables                                                                                      383       300
   Trade and other payables                                                                                       409       284
   Provisions
   Taxation payable                                                                                             5 693     4 716
                                                                                                                  402       420
   TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                                                70          -

   TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                                                 9 807     8 401
                                                                                                               11 942    10 509
                                                                                                               15 381    13 664

*  Supplementary non-IFRS information. Converted at a closing exchange rate of R12.17/A$1 (2023: R12.55/A$1).

                                                    Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024               00
                                                                                                                                   113
ANNEXURE 1 ­ SUPPLEMENTARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS

for the year ended 30 June 2024

                                                                                            2024                       2023
                                                                                             Rm                          Rm

   Continuing operations                                                                     37 450                 28 865
   Revenue                                                                                  (35 299)               (28 422)
   Cost of sales
                                                                                              2 151                    443
   Gross earnings                                                                                 74                   109
   Other earnings                                                                                                   (1 610)
   Operating expenses                                                                        (1 800)
   Loss from equity-accounted investments                                                         (1)                    (2)
                                                                                                 424               (1 060)
   Operating earnings / (loss) before capital items
   Capital earnings / (expenses)                                                                (90)                       9
                                                                                                 334                (1 051)
   Operating earnings / (loss) after capital items                                               142
   Finance earnings                                                                            (278)                     77
   Finance expenses                                                                              198                  (200)
                                                                                                 117               (1 174)
   Earnings / (loss) before taxation
   Taxation                                                                                      315                      57
                                                                                                                   (1 117)
   Earnings / (loss) from continuing operations
                                                                                                                       120
   Discontinued operations
                                                                                                                      (436)
   Earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxation                                                       -      150
                                                                                                                      (166)
   Exchange differences on translating foreign operations reclassified to earnings or loss
                                                                                                                   (1 283)
   on derecognition                                                                                             -

   Gain / (loss) on disposal of assets Held for Sale and fair value adjustment                                  -

   Loss from discontinued operations                                                                            -

   Earnings / (loss) for the year                                                           315

*  Supplementary non-IFRS information. Converted at an average exchange rate of R12.27/A$1 (2023: R12.34/A$1).

                                                           Aveng Group audited consolidated annual financial statements 2024  00
                                                                                                                               114
www.aveng.co.za
