      STRONG RELIABLE MACHINES
       STRONG RELIABLE SUPPORT

 2021

      BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED
AUDITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Contents

Global corporate structure.....................................................................................................................................................................................2
Responsibility for financial statements ..................................................................................................................................................................4
Directors' report.......................................................................................................................................................................................................6
Audit committee report..........................................................................................................................................................................................9
Independent auditor's report...............................................................................................................................................................................13
Consolidated statement of financial position....................................................................................................................................................19
Consolidated statement of profit or loss.............................................................................................................................................................20
Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income................................................................................................21
Consolidated statement of changes in equity..................................................................................................................................................22
Consolidated statement of cash flows................................................................................................................................................................23
Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows..........................................................................................................................................24
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements...................................................................................................................................26
Shareholder analysis..............................................................................................................................................................................................95
Glossary...................................................................................................................................................................................................................97
Corporate information..........................................................................................................................................................................................98

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  1
Global corporate structure

                                                                         BELL EQUIPMENT
                                                                               LIMITED

Bell Equipment         100%      Bell Equipment    70% Bell Equipment                   Bell Equipment      100%
Group Services          Bell  SA Holdings Limited          Limited                       Properties SA       Bell
                   Equipment                                                             (Pty) Limited  Equipment
  (Pty) Limited      Limited                        30% K2019577563                                       Limited
                                                    (South Africa) (RF)

                                                        (Pty) Limited
                                                        (BEE Manco)

                               BECSA          70% Bell Equipment SA Holdings Limited
                              Holdings        15% K2019577563 (South Africa) (RF) (Pty) Limited (BEE Manco)
                               Limited        7,5% K2017044733 (South Africa) (RF) (Pty) Limited (BESSA BEE SPV)
                                              7,5% Bell Equipment Foundation Trust

                              Bell Equipment         100%
                               Company SA           BECSA
                               (Pty) Limited       Holdings
                                                   Limited

   Bell Equipment  70% Bell Equipment SA Holdings Limited
     Sales South   22,5% K2017044733 (South Africa) (RF) (Pty) Limited (BESSA BEE SPV)
                   7,5% Bell Equipment Foundation Trust
   Africa Limited

2  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
     Bell Equipment       100%     IA Bell Equipment      100%            Bell Equipment        100%
Company (Swaziland)        Bell  Company (Namibia)         Bell           International SA       Bell
                      Equipment                       Equipment                             Equipment
       (Pty) Limited    Limited        (Pty) Limited    Limited                               Limited

                                 Bell Equipment (Deutschland) GmbH

                                 Bell Equipment North America Inc

                                 Bell Equipment UK Limited

                                 Bell Equipment Company (Zambia) Limited

                                                   Bell France SAS             100%
                                 Bell Equipment Russland LLC                    Bell
                                                                           Equipment
                                      Bell PTA (Private) Limited          International
                                                                                 SA

                                 Bell Equipment Australia Pty Limited

                                 Bell Equipment (DRC) SARLU

                                 Bell Euro Finance Limited

                                 Bell International Finance Limited

                                 BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  3
Responsibility for financial statements

31 December 2021

Declaration in terms of the Companies Act, 71 of 2008
(as amended) (Companies Act)

The preparation of the annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021, which appear on pages 6 to 12 and 19
to 94, has been supervised by the group finance director of Bell Equipment Limited, Mrs KJ van Haght.

Karen van Haght CA(SA)
Group finance director

24 March 2022

Approval of the annual financial statements

for the year ended 31 December 2021

The directors of Bell Equipment Limited are responsible for the integrity of the annual financial statements of the group and that the
other information in these statements is fairly presented.

In order to fulfil this responsibility, the group maintains internal accounting and administrative control systems and procedures
designed to provide assurance that assets are safeguarded and that transactions are executed and recorded in accordance with
the group's policies and procedures.

The annual financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the
SAICA Financial Reporting Guides as issued by the Accounting Practices Committee, the Financial Reporting Pronouncements
as issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Council and in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act of South
Africa, and have been examined by independent auditors in conformity with International Standards on Auditing.

The directors of Bell Equipment Limited are of the opinion that the group has adequate resources to continue in operation for
the foreseeable future. The consolidated financial statements have therefore been prepared on a going concern basis.

The annual financial statements of the group which appear on pages 6 to 12 and 19 to 94 were approved by the directors on
24 March 2022 and are signed on their behalf by:



Gary Bell               Leon Goosen
Non-executive chairman  Chief executive

24 March 2022

4  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Responsibility for financial statements continued

31 December 2021

Declaration by Chief Executive (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

for the year ended 31 December 2021

The group CEO and the CFO, hereby confirm that:

a. the consolidated annual financial statements set out on pages 19 to 94, fairly present in all material respects the financial
      position, financial performance and cash flows of the group in terms of IFRS;

b. no facts have been omitted or untrue statements made that would make the annual financial statements false or misleading;
c. internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to Bell Equipment Limited and its

      consolidated subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the financial statements; and
d. the internal financial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the annual financial statements,

      having fulfilled our role and function within the combined assurance model pursuant to principle 15 of the King Report on
      Corporate Governance for South Africa 2016 (King IV). Where we are not satisfied, we have disclosed to the audit committee
      and the auditors the deficiencies in design and operational effectiveness of the internal financial controls and any fraud that
      involves directors, and have taken the necessary remedial action*.



Leon Goosen        Karen van Haght
Group CEO          Group CFO

24 March 2022

* Whilst the directors are aware of their responsibility to communicate such fraud incidents to the audit committee and auditor,
      no incidents of such fraud were identified for communication during the year under review.

Certification by the Group Company Secretary

for the year ended 31 December 2021

I certify that the company has, in respect of the financial year reported on, lodged with the Companies and Intellectual Property
Commission (CIPC) all returns and notices required of a public company and that all such returns and notices are, to the best of my
knowledge and belief, true, correct and up to date.

Diana McIlrath
Company secretary

24 March 2022

                   BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  5
Directors' report

for the year ended 31 December 2021

The directors submit the annual financial statements for the group (Bell Equipment Limited and its subsidiaries) for the year ended
31 December 2021.

Nature of business

The group manufactures, distributes, exports and supports a wide range of materials handling equipment, both locally and
internationally, through an extensive network of customer service centres, strategic alliances and independent dealers. Through
financing ventures with various financial institutions the group is able to offer financing to facilitate sales in the markets that the
group is active in.

The group's principal products are ADTs, haulage tractors, TLBs, front end loaders, sugar cane and timber loading equipment,
construction equipment such as graders, dozers and excavators, a complete range of compaction, crushing and screening
machinery and related parts and services.

Financial results

The results of the group are fully disclosed in the accompanying financial statements and notes thereon, the finance director's
report and in the joint chairman and chief executive's report in the integrated annual report.

The comprehensive annual financial statements as well as the summarised consolidated financial statements of the group have
been approved by the board.

Stated capital

The company's authorised share capital remains at 100 000 000 ordinary shares of no par value. The stated capital account as at
31 December 2021 comprised 95 629 385 (December 2020: 95 629 385) ordinary shares of no par value.

Dividends

The directors have resolved to declare a final gross cash dividend of 50 cents per share for the 2021 financial year (2020: nil).

The final dividend number 16 is 50 cents per share. The net final dividend is 40 cents per share for ordinary shareholders who

are not exempt from dividends tax.

Dividend declared                    Monday, 28 March 2022

Last day to trade cum dividend       Tuesday, 19 April 2022

Shares trade ex dividend             Wednesday, 20 April 2022

Record date                          Friday, 22 April 2022

Payment date                         Monday, 25 April 2022

The directors concluded that the group would be both solvent and liquid subsequent to such dividend distributions.

Property, plant and equipment

The group's accounting policy in respect of property, plant and equipment is recorded in note 7 to the annual financial statements.

Share-based payment schemes with employees

The company operated two active employee share-based payment schemes during the year. Details of these schemes are set out
in note 33 to the annual financial statements.

Directors

On 16 February 2022, John Barton resigned as a non-executive director, lead independent non-executive director, audit committee
member, risk and sustainability committee member, remuneration committee member and chairman and member of the
nominations committee.

Hennie van der Merwe, an independent non-executive director, was appointed as the lead independent non-executive director
and chairman of the nominations committee. Rajendran Naidu was appointed as a remuneration committee member and
Mamokete Ramathe was appointed as a nominations committee member, all with effect from 17 February 2022.

Hennie van der Merwe and Derek Lawrance retire by rotation at the forthcoming AGM but, being eligible, offered themselves for
re-election and their re-election is recommended by the board.

Details of the directors and GEC of the Bell Equipment group at the date of this report appear in the integrated annual report.

Furthermore the board appointed two independent non-executive directors, Usha Maharaj and Markus Geyer, with effect from
1 April 2022.

6  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Directors' report continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

Directors continued

As at the end of the year under review the directors' shareholdings were as follows:
                                                                                                               Number of shares held

                     Direct beneficial         Indirect non-beneficial                                                                Associates

                     2021               2020                                 2021  2020                                               2021        2020

GW Bell              253 600         253 600   16 089 622                          8 841 050                                          109 660     25 000
AJ Bell                 2 598           2 598                -                                 -                                               -          -
L Goosen                4 040           4 040                -                                 -                                               -          -

There has been no change in the shareholding of directors as reflected above between the end of the financial year and the date
of this report.

The remuneration paid to directors of the company during the period under review is set out in note 43 to the annual financial
statements.

Major shareholder                                                                                                                        2021        2020
                                                                                                                                      70,10%      38,73%
The major shareholder in Bell Equipment Limited as at 31 December 2021 was:

 IA Bell & Company Proprietary Limited

GW Bell and AJ Bell are directors of IA Bell & Company Proprietary Limited and GW Bell holds a 24% shareholding in IA Bell &
Company Proprietary Limited.

Group company secretary

The group company secretary is Diana McIlrath. Her particulars and business address appear on page 98 of the annual financial
statements.

Internal control

The board is accountable for the system of internal controls for the group. The output of the risk management process, in
conjunction with the work of the assurance providers, indicates to the directors that the controls in place, including financial
controls, are adequate and effective.

Furthermore, no material losses, exposures, financial misstatements or compliance breaches have been reported to the directors for
the financial year.

The directors recognise that, at any point in time, there are areas for improvement in internal controls and new areas of risk
exposure, which may require management attention. As such, there is a continual focus on ensuring that the control environment
within each business area is understood and maintained at the required level and that process and control improvements are
implemented where necessary.

Litigation statement

The directors are not aware of any legal or arbitration proceedings including proceedings that are pending or threatened, that
may have or had in the previous 12 months, a material effect on the group's financial position.

Going concern statement

At the time of approving these annual financial statements, the board of directors is of the opinion that, after making enquiries, it
has a reasonable expectation that the group has sufficient resources to maintain its operational existence for the foreseeable future
and therefore believes that the going concern assumption is appropriate.

Subsidiaries

Details of the company's interest in its subsidiary companies are contained in note 41 to the annual financial statements.

                                     BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                                                    7
Directors' report continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

Subsequent events

Shareholders are referred to note 40 to the annual financial statements.
The company is in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, specifically in relation to its incorporation and it is
operating in conformity with its MOI.
No other facts or circumstances material to the appreciation of this report have occurred between 31 December 2021 and the
date of this report.

Signed on behalf of the board

Gary Bell               Leon Goosen
Non-executive chairman  Chief executive

24 March 2022

8  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Audit committee report

for the year ended 31 December 2021

The audit committee (`the committee') is pleased to present its report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. The report is
in compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act, the JSE Listings Requirements and King IV.

The committee's operation is guided by a formal detailed charter that is in line with the Companies Act and is annually reviewed
and approved by the board. The audit committee is constituted as a statutory committee and the members are elected at the
AGM. It has an independent role with accountability to both the board and shareholders.

Composition

In terms of the Companies Act, at the AGM of the company, shareholders are required to elect the committee members. Four
independent non executive directors of Bell Equipment Limited were elected by shareholders at the 2021 AGM to serve until the
next AGM in May 2022. The committee was chaired by independent non executive director Derek Lawrance, and comprised three
independent non executive directors, Mamokete Ramathe, Rajendran Naidu and John Barton. John Barton resigned as a non
executive director and committee member on 16 February 2022.

The committee is suitably skilled to perform the role required. The collective skills of the committee include an understanding of
financial and sustainability reporting, internal financial controls, the internal audit function, the external audit process, corporate
law, risk management, information technology (IT) governance as it relates to integrated reporting, and the governance processes
of the company. However, it is not expected that each member should possess all the required qualifications, skills and experience.
The chairman of the board is not a member of the committee.

The board is satisfied that for the 2021 year:
· the committee, acting as a collective, was adequately skilled to perform its role having regard to the size and circumstances of

     the company;
· individual members of the committee held appropriate financial and related qualifications, skills and financial expertise to

     discharge their responsibilities; and
· individual members of the committee were not involved in day-to-day management of the company.

The following directors have been nominated to the committee, subject to shareholders election at the AGM to be held on
Tuesday, 31 May 2022:
· Derek Lawrance
· Mamokete Ramathe
· Rajendran Naidu

and whose profiles including their qualifications appear in the integrated annual report.

Usha Maharaj was appointed by the board as a non executive director and audit committee member with effect from 1 April 2022
and will also be subject to shareholders election at the upcoming AGM. Her qualifications appear in the Notice of AGM.

The board is satisfied that the proposed elections to the committee of the four independent non-executive directors set out above
will meet the requirements of the Companies Act, and is therefore recommending their election for the ensuing year.

The chairman of the board, the chief executive and group finance director have a standing invitation to attend the meetings of the
committee. The group company secretary is the secretary of the committee.

Frequency and attendance of meetings

During the year under review, six meetings were held. Meetings are scheduled to coincide with the key dates in the group's
financial reporting and audit cycle.

Attendance by members was as follows:

                           29 March       13 April  23 April                               18 June  6 September 17 November
                              2021          2021      2021                                   2021
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                                                     2021  2021
                                              3         3                                      3
Derek Lawrance (chairman)              3      3         3                                      3    3                    3
                                              3         3                                      3
Mamokete Ramathe                       3      3         3                                      3    3                    3

Rajendran Naidu                        3                                                            3                    3

John Barton                            3                                                            3                       X

Objective and scope

The committee's main objective is to assist the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, in particular with regard to evaluation of
the adequacy and efficiency of accounting policies, internal controls and financial and corporate reporting processes. In addition
the committee assesses the effectiveness of the internal auditors and the independence and effectiveness of the external auditor.

                                          BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                            9
Audit committee report continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

Combined assurance

The committee is of the view that the arrangements in place for combined assurance are adequate and the model was applied
to provide a coordinated approach to all assurance activities; and in particular ensuring that the combined assurance received is
appropriate to address all the significant risks facing the group. Further information on the combined assurance process is provided
in the corporate governance report under risk management in the integrated annual report.

The committee has monitored the relationship between the external assurance providers and the group.

The committee has considered the contents of the financial statements, the group's accounting practices, the internal financial
controls of the group and the finance function of the group in general and found all of these to be in order.

External audit

The committee met with the external auditor in order to consider the suitability for appointment of the current audit firm, Deloitte &
Touche, and the designated engagement partner, as contemplated in terms of paragraph 22.15(h) of the JSE Listings Requirements.
The assessment was undertaken by the committee taking into account the letter and the report received from Deloitte providing
the information required in terms of paragraph 22.15(h) of the JSE Listings Requirements, including confirmation that Deloitte &
Touche remained accredited by the JSE and Mr Andrew Kilpatrick, the designated auditor for the 2021 financial year, did not
appear on the disqualified list of individual partners.

Deloitte & Touche has been the auditor of the group since July 1993. The committee gave due consideration to the independence
of the external auditor, and the external auditor's independence was not prejudiced by any consultancy, advisory or other work
undertaken. Audit and other services' fees are disclosed in note 28 to the annual financial statements.

The committee is satisfied that in discharging its duties in terms of its mandate, together with the rotation of the group audit partner
every five years, Deloitte & Touche and the designated auditor's independence is maintained and has not been impacted by
the tenure, which includes consideration of compliance with criteria relating to independence proposed by the Independent
Regulatory Board for Auditors. The committee nominated and recommended the re-appointment of the group's external
auditor, Deloitte & Touche, to the shareholders in compliance with the Companies Act and the JSE Listings Requirements and the
appointment of Mr Andrew Kilpatrick as designated auditor for the 2022 financial year. Bell Equipment's 31 December 2023 year
end will be the last year for which Deloitte will be eligible for reappointment as the Bell group's external auditors. The process to be
undertaken in approaching alternative audit firms will be discussed at the first committee meeting in 2022.

The committee has applied its mind to the key audit areas and considered the key audit matters identified by the external auditor
as follows:
· revenue recognition and accounting for complex revenue transactions; and
· impairment of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment as a result of Net Asset Value exceeding market

     capitalisation of the group.

The committee is comfortable that these have been adequately addressed and disclosed.

The committee, in consultation with executive management, agreed to an audit fee for the 2021 financial year. The committee is
satisfied that the auditors do not, except as external auditor or in rendering permitted non audit services, receive any remuneration
or other benefits from the company. The fee is considered appropriate for the work that could reasonably have been foreseen at
that time.

The group's policy is to use its external auditors for non audit services such as tax and accounting where the use of other consultants
would not make sound commercial sense and where their independence and good corporate governance is not compromised
by the engagement. There is a formal procedure that governs the pre-approval process when the external auditor is considered for
the provision of non audit services, and the allocation of such work is reviewed by the committee.

The external auditor has unrestricted access to the chairman of the committee. Meetings were held with the external auditor where
management was not present, and no matters of concern were raised.

The committee received and reviewed reports from the external auditor concerning the effectiveness of the internal control
environment, systems and processes and detailing the auditor's concerns arising out of the audit and requested appropriate
responses from management.

10  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Audit committee report continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

Internal audit

The committee oversaw the activities of the internal audit function, undertaken by Ernst & Young as the appointed internal auditors,
and considered the effectiveness of internal audit, approved the internal audit charter and the annual internal audit plan and
monitored adherence of internal audit to its annual plan.

The internal auditors performed the role of considering and reporting to the committee on the effectiveness of the internal financial
controls for financial reporting and risk management in support of the attestation by the group chief executive (CEO) and chief
financial officer (CFO) required in terms of the provisions of the JSE Listings Requirements paragraph 3.84(k). The internal auditors
developed a plan for testing and monitoring the financial controls throughout the group in line with the JSE Listings Requirements.
The statement by the group CEO and CFO in terms of Listings Requirements paragraph 3.84(k) is set out on page 5.

The committee reviewed the reports of internal auditors detailing their concerns arising out of their audits and requested
appropriate responses from management. The committee received and reviewed reports from internal auditors concerning the
effectiveness of the internal control environment, systems and processes.

Internal financial control

The committee is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of systems for internal control, financial reporting and financial risk
management and considering the major findings of any internal investigations into control weaknesses, fraud or misconduct and
management's response thereto.

The CEO and CFO have reviewed the controls for financial reporting for the 2021 financial year and have presented their findings
to the committee. During the current financial year, management evaluated relevant internal controls which address risk areas
relating to financial reporting in group operations.

The CEO and CFO's evaluation of controls included:
· the identification and classification of risks;
· the identification of controls, including effective internal financial reporting controls, in a formalised internal controls framework

     which has been implemented throughout the group;
· the implementation of a controls self assessment tool and control self assessments by managers;
· testing the design and determining the implementation of controls addressing high and low risk areas;
· utilising internal audit to test the operating effectiveness of controls addressing high risk areas; and
· obtaining control declarations from managers of group operations on the operating effectiveness of all controls on an annual

     basis.

The committee is of the view, based on the representations made by internal audit, the CEO and the CFO that the group's internal
controls were adequate and effective during the period under review and can be relied upon as a reasonable basis for the
preparation of appropriate annual financial statements. The committee has discussed and documented the basis for its conclusion
and this included discussions with management, the external auditors and the internal auditors.

Expertise and experience of the group finance director and finance function

The committee has reviewed and has satisfied itself that the chief finance officer, Karen van Haght, has the appropriate skills,
expertise and experience and confirms her suitability for serving as group finance director in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements.
The committee further considers that the expertise, resources and experience of the finance function are appropriate based on the
nature, complexity and size of the group's operations.

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  11
Audit committee report continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

Going concern, annual financial statements and integrated annual report

The committee considered the report of the JSE's Financial Reporting Investigations Panel on its findings arising from the Panel's
monitoring of the financial reports published by JSE listed companies during 2021 and has taken appropriate action to apply the
findings.

The committee has considered those items within the financial statements which required significant judgement as reflected in note
4 to the consolidated annual financial statements.

The committee reviewed management's assessment of the going concern status of the group at year end and for the foreseeable
future. The committee concurred with management's assessment that the group is a going concern and recommended the
adoption of the going concern status of the group to the board.

In the committee's opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects the consolidated financial
position of the company and its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2021, and its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS and the requirements of the Companies Act.

The committee fulfils an oversight role in respect of the preparation of Bell Equipment's integrated annual report. The committee is
committed to ensuring the incorporation of the principles of King IV in the preparation of this year's integrated annual report.

The committee recommends the group's 2021 audited annual financial statements (of which this report forms part) and the 2021
integrated annual report, to the board for approval.

The chairman of the committee attends the annual general meeting and is available to answer any questions in relation to matters
pertaining to the responsibilities of the committee.

Conclusion

The committee is satisfied that it has conducted its affairs and discharged its legal and other responsibilities as outlined in its charter,
the Companies Act, JSE Listings Requirements and King IV. The board concurred with this assessment.

Derek Lawrance
Chairman
Audit committee

24 March 2022

12  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Independent auditor's report

to the shareholders of Bell Equipment Limited

Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Bell Equipment Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group) set out on pages 19
to 94, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021 and the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of
cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2021, and its consolidated financial performance and consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") and the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We
are independent of the Group in accordance with the Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors' Code of Professional Conduct
for Registered Auditors (IRBA Code) and other independence requirements applicable to performing audits of financial statements
in South Africa. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IRBA Code and in accordance with other
ethical requirements applicable to performing audits in South Africa. The IRBA Code is consistent with the corresponding sections of
the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' (IESBA) International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
International Independence Standards) (IESBA code). We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  13
Independent auditor's report

to the shareholders of Bell Equipment Limited continued

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key Audit Matter                                         How the matter was addressed in the audit

Revenue recognition and accounting for complex revenue transactions

As described within note 27 and note 42, the Group       We evaluated whether the directors appropriately applied the
enters into various sales and rental arrangements,       requirements of IFRS 15 and/or IFRS 16 in respect of selected contracts,
including those with specific structured deals           such as Bell-backed finance, specific structured deals, sale or rental
including bill and hold arrangements, right of return    agreements with buy-back options, bill and hold arrangements and
arrangements, guaranteed residual value buy-back         sales contracts having guaranteed residual values and the potential
options and sales agreements where the Group carries     for right of return of products by performing the following procedure:
certain credit risks ("Bell backed finance" and other
arrangements).                                           · Understood the revenue recognition process in respect of the
                                                             terms and conditions of these transactions to assess compliance
The accounting treatment in respect of these                 with IFRS both from the recognition and measurement perspective
arrangements involves significant assumptions and            as well as in terms of the presentation and disclosure requirements
complexities (as described within note 27 and note           of IFRS;
42) due to the varying terms and conditions, which
affect whether such transactions should result in        · Consulted with our internal accounting specialists who assessed
the recognition of revenue in accordance with IFRS           the accounting treatment in terms of IFRS;
15: Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("IFRS
15"). Further consideration is necessary to determine    · Assessed the design and implementation of key controls in the
whether these transactions should be accounted for           revenue business cycle;
in accordance with IFRS 15 or be treated as leases in
accordance with IFRS 16: Leases ("IFRS 16"). There is    · Inspected a sample of the underlying contracts and assessed the
also judgement required in evaluating each contract          accounting treatment adopted, which included the following
with a customer in terms of the determination of the         procedures:
timing and measurement of the fixed and variable             · Assessed if control has passed to the buyer by considering the
elements of the revenue recognised. Furthermore,                  probability of the return of the goods/units based on the terms
judgement is required in estimating the impact on                 of the contract and whether this is in terms of IFRS 15;
revenue recognition from the customers right to return       · Assessed the significant assumptions used by the directors
certain products.                                                 relating to the probability of return of equipment based on past
                                                                  experience and other relevant factors;
The above assumptions impact revenue, cost of sales,         · Determined whether the arrangement is a finance lease or
and the carrying value of inventory, property plant and           operating lease in terms of IFRS 16 by considering whether
equipment, finance lease liabilities and deferred lease           control has transferred from the lessee to the lessor;
income. Due to the significance of the assumptions,          · Assessed whether the amount of revenue can be reliably
complexity of these transactions and the impact on                measured;
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, this       · Assessed the significance of the impact of any guaranteed
has been identified as a key audit matter.                        residual value or credit risk support provided on the relevant
                                                                  transaction and assessed the accounting thereof by inspection
                                                                  of the contract and by assessing the estimated potential
                                                                  adjustment to revenue from the variable element of the
                                                                  arrangement; and
                                                             · Performed specific physical verification of inventory held
                                                                  under bill and hold arrangements at year end and assessed
                                                                  additional evidence supporting the recognition as revenue in
                                                                  the period based on the criteria in IFRS 15.

                                                         We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures in relation to the
                                                         significant assumptions applied to these transactions. The accounting
                                                         policies for revenue recognition have been appropriately applied
                                                         and disclosed.

14  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Independent auditor's report

to the shareholders of Bell Equipment Limited continued

Key Audit Matter                                            How the matter was addressed in the audit

Impairment of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment

As described in note 5, the share price of the Group        In evaluating the possible indicators of impairment of intangible
is trading at a significant discount to the net asset       assets and property, plant and equipment within the applicable
value per share which the directors have identified         CGUs, we assessed the identification of CGU's and those determined
as an indicator of impairment. IAS 36: Impairment of        to have indicators of impairment, we audited the FVLCTS calculations
Assets ("IAS 36") states that when indicators of possible   prepared by the directors, with a particular focus on the assumptions
impairment exist, the entity is required to conduct         with the most significant impact.
impairment tests to assess the recoverability of the
carrying value of the relevant cash generating units        We performed various procedures, including the following:
("CGU's").                                                  · Gained an understanding of the model used to determine the fair

Judgement is required by the directors in identifying            value less cost to sell of the relevant component;
the relevant CGU and assessing the impairment of the        · Assessed sensitivity analysis on the assumptions to determine the
CGU, which is determined as the higher of fair value
less cost to sell ("FVLCTS") or the value-in-use, based on       key sensitive assumptions;
the cash flow forecast for each CGU.                        · Tested design and implementation of the entity's key controls

The discounted cash flow model used to determine                 relating to the preparation of the impairment models and the
the recoverable amount of the CGU is detailed                    director's review of the cash flow forecasts and other key inputs;
and complex. Key inputs into the model include the          · Tested the inputs into the cash flow forecast, including the
following:                                                       assumptions relating to working capital, revenue growth, in
· Earnings growth (including estimated margins and               particular the forecast sales volumes and input prices, against
                                                                 historical performance and in comparison to the directors'
    forecast sales volumes and prices);                          strategic plans in respect of the applicable CGUs;
· Terminal growth rates;                                    · Considered the directors' ability to accurately forecast, based on
· Estimated working capital requirements of the                  a comparison of historical actual performance against previous
                                                                 respective forecasts;
    CGU; and                                                · We engaged our internal valuation specialists and they performed
· The discount rate, which is based on the weighted              the following:
                                                                 · Critically evaluated whether the fair value less cost to sell
    average cost of capital. The determination of
    the weighted average cost of capital is complex,                  calculations used by the directors to calculate the value of
    sensitive to the overall valuation outcome and                    the individual CGUs complies with the requirements of IAS 36
    contains significant judgement.                                   and whether the model used is considered appropriate for
                                                                      the purpose prepared;
The complexity of the models used, the significance              · Compared the growth rates (including terminal growth rate)
of the judgements and estimation used in determining                  used to historical data and forward-looking expectations
the inputs into the models and the magnitude of the                   regarding economic growth rates for the components
relevant intangible assets and property, plant and                    included in the relevant CGU;
equipment balances at year end means that this was               · Assessed the weighted average cost of capital ("WACC")
determined to be a key audit matter.                                  including the size risk premium, risk-free rate and the
                                                                      mechanics used in the determination of the relevant WACC
                                                                      rates; and
                                                                 · Reviewed the reasonableness of the discount rates applied
                                                                      by the directors to obtain the FVLCTS for the relevant CGU
                                                                      components.
                                                            · Analysed the future projected cash flows used in the models to
                                                                determine whether they are reasonable and supportable given
                                                                the current macro-economic climate and expected future
                                                                performance of the applicable CGUs, against external market
                                                                data, historical performance and forecasts;
                                                            · Assessed the exchange rates used in the model to determine
                                                                whether they comply with the requirements of IAS 36 in relation to
                                                                the valuation method used;
                                                            · Determined an independent range of reasonable equity values
                                                                based on the model assumptions considered appropriate and
                                                                compared this to the carrying amount of the relevant CGU; and
                                                            · Assessed the disclosure included in the consolidated financial
                                                                statements related to the impairment considerations and relevant
                                                                estimation and judgement involved as well as the disclosure in
                                                                note 5.

                                                            Based on the testing performed, we concur with the conclusions
                                                            reached by the directors and the related disclosures in terms of IFRS
                                                            are considered appropriate.

                                                            BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  15
Independent auditor's report

to the shareholders of Bell Equipment Limited continued

Other information

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the document titled
"Bell Equipment Limited Annual Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2021", which includes the Global Corporate
Structure, Directors' report, Declaration by Chief Executive (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), the Audit Committee Report
and the certification by the Group company secretary as required by the Companies Act of South Africa, the document titled "Bell
Equipment Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021" which we obtained prior to the date of this report, and "Bell Equipment Limited
Separate Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2021", which is expected to be made available to us after that date.
The other information does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express an
audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements

The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa, and for such internal control
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

16  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Independent auditor's report

to the shareholders of Bell Equipment Limited continued

Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout
the audit. We also:
· Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,

     design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
     provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
     from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
· Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
     circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
· Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.
· Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence
     obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's
     ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
     auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
     our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future
     events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
· Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
     whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
     presentation.
· Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
     Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
     performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  17
Independent auditor's report

to the shareholders of Bell Equipment Limited continued

Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements continued

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence,
and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence,
and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.

We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In terms of the IRBA Rule published in Government Gazette Number 39475 dated 4 December 2015, we report that Deloitte has been
the auditor of Bell Equipment Limited for 28 years.

Deloitte & Touche
Per: Andrew Kilpatrick
Partner
Chartered Accountant (SA)
Registered Auditor

28 March 2022

National Executive: *LL Bam Chief Executive Officer *R Redfearn Chief Executive Officer - Elect; *TMM Jordan Deputy Chief Executive Officer; Clients & Industries
*MJ Jarvis Chief Operating Officer; Acting Tax & Legal *AF Mackie Audit & Assurance *MR Verster Consulting *TA Odukoya FInancial Advisory *N Sing Risk Adviso-
ry *JK Mazzocco People & Purpose MG Dicks Risk Independence & Legal *A Muraya Responsible Business & Public Policy DP Ndlovu Chair of the Board

Regional Leader: *MA Freer

A full list of partners and directors is available on request  *Partner and Registered Auditor

B-BBEE rating: Level 1 contribution in terms of the DTI Generic Scorecard as per the amended Codes of Good Practice

Associate of Deloitte Africa, a Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited

18  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Consolidated statement of financial position

as at 31 December 2021

                                                  Notes  2021                                                2020
                                                         R000                                                R000

ASSETS                                                   1 792 903                                           1 845 721

Non-current assets                                7      918 968                                             935 152
Property, plant and equipment
Right-of-use assets                               8      250 966                                             287 395
Intangible assets
Investments                                       9      282 236                                             277 787
Interest-bearing receivables and contract assets
Deferred taxation                                 10     58 717                                              33 615

Current assets                                    11     50 421                                              90 584
Inventory
Trade and other receivables                       12     231 595                                             221 188
Interest-bearing receivables and contract assets
Other assets                                             5 131 104                                           4 794 218
Current taxation assets
Cash and bank balances                            13     3 624 452                                           3 595 163

TOTAL ASSETS                                      14     1 023 122                                           884 146

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                            11     218 328                                             147 060

Capital and reserves                              15     78 558                                              33 005
Stated capital
Non-distributable reserves                               30 312                                              52 093
Retained earnings
Attributable to owners of Bell Equipment Limited  16     156 332                                             82 751
Non-controlling interest
                                                         6 924 007                                           6 639 939
Non-current liabilities
Interest-bearing liabilities                             3 861 733                                           3 503 778
Lease liabilities
Contract liabilities                              17     235 541                                             235 541
Refund liabilities
Provisions                                        18     940 673                                             891 355
Other liabilities
Deferred taxation                                        2 661 457                                           2 360 316

Current liabilities                                      3 837 671                                           3 487 212
Trade and other payables
Interest-bearing liabilities                      19     24 062                                              16 566
Lease liabilities
Contract liabilities                                     681 418                                             759 326
Refund liabilities
Provisions                                        20     175 838                                             204 319
Other liabilities
Current taxation liabilities                      21     266 731                                             282 543
Bank overdrafts and borrowings on call
                                                  22     98 357                                              125 828
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
                                                  23     11 986                                              54 308

                                                  24     45 383                                              29 646

                                                  25     10 031                                                  -

                                                  12     73 092                                              62 682

                                                         2 380 856                                           2 376 835

                                                  26     1 215 273                                           933 054

                                                  20     202 806                                             547 376

                                                  21     42 800                                              49 673

                                                  22     243 832                                             209 562

                                                  23     51 693                                              27 400

                                                  24     111 113                                             110 786

                                                  25     8 076                                               14 476

                                                         31 929                                              3 116

                                                  38.2   473 334                                             481 392

                                                         6 924 007                                           6 639 939

                                                  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  19
Consolidated statement of profit or loss

for the year ended 31 December 2021

Revenue                                                        Notes           2021                                                2020
Cost of sales                                                       27         R000                                                R000

Gross profit                                                        28   8 017 125                                           6 690 277
Other operating income                                              29  (6 473 383)                                         (5 456 345)
Distribution costs                                                  30
Administration expenses                                                  1 543 742                                           1 233 932
Factory operating expenses *                                     31.1      184 960                                             112 679
                                                                          (670 069)                                           (744 930)
Profit from operating activities                                          (106 643)                                             (89 815)
                                                                          (548 268)                                           (476 248)
Interest expense
Interest income                                                            403 722                                               35 618
Net interest expense
                                                                            (96 388)                                          (154 168)
Profit (loss) before taxation                                                62 276                                              51 025
Taxation                                                                    (34 112)
                                                                                                                              (103 143)
Profit (loss) for the year                                                 369 610
                                                                            (75 344)                                            (67 525)
Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:                                                                                      10 366
- Owners of Bell Equipment Limited                                         294 266
- Non-controlling interest                                                                                                      (57 159)

                                                                                                                  286 770   (64 292)
                                                                                                                     7 496    7 133

                                                                                                                  Cents     Cents

Earnings (loss) per share                                      32.1                                               300       (67)
Basic
Diluted                                                        32.2                                               260       (65)

* Included in factory operating expenses are costs in respect of both the factory and group services operations.

20  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Consolidated statement of profit or loss                                                         Notes        2021              2020
and other comprehensive income                                                                                R000              R000
                                                                                                      18  294 266           (57 159)
for the year ended 31 December 2021                                                                   18
                                                                                                      18   40 028           163 025
Profit (loss) for the year                                                                                 40 028           163 025
Other comprehensive income                                                                                 23 850
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:                                                                 4 457
Exchange differences arising during the year                                                                       -            (120)
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                                                     23 850              4 577
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Loss arising on revaluation of properties                                                                                   167 482
Fair value gain on investments designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income *                             110 323

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of taxation                                                   63 878           103 190
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                   358 144              7 133
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
- Owners of Bell Equipment Limited                                                                        350 648
- Non-controlling interest                                                                                   7 496

* There were no corresponding tax implications on fair value gain on investments designated as at fair value through other
      comprehensive income.

                                                          BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021         21
Consolidated statement of changes in equity

for the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                        Attributable to owners of Bell Equipment Limited

                                                        Stated                Non-      Retained       Total                  Non-  Total capital
                                                        capital     distributable       earnings       R000           controlling   and reserves

                                                           R000           reserves*           R000                        interest             R000
                                                                               R000                                           R000

Balance at 1 January 2020                               232 499     727 261 2 417 620 3 377 380                       9 433         3 386 813

Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to                -  167 482             (64 292)       103 190                -       103 190
owners of Bell Equipment Limited
Total comprehensive income attributable to                       -           -                      -              -   7 133             7 133
non-controlling interest                                         -       550                   (550)               -          -                 -
Increase in statutory reserves of foreign subsidiaries           -    (7 538)                7 538                 -          -                 -
Decrease in equity-settled employee benefits reserve             -     3 600                                3 600             -
BBBEE shareholders' loans                                  3 042                                    -       3 042             -          3 600
Share options exercised                                 235 541              -                      -                                    3 042
                                                                                                       3 487 212      16 566        3 503 778
Balance at 31 December 2020                                         891 355             2 360 316

Total comprehensive income attributable to owners                -  63 878              286 770        350 648                -       350 648
of Bell Equipment Limited
Total comprehensive income attributable to                       -           -                      -              -   7 496             7 496
non-controlling interest                                         -    (9 979)                9 979                 -          -                 -
Decrease in statutory reserves of foreign subsidiaries           -    (4 581)                4 581                 -          -                 -
Decrease in equity-settled employee benefits reserve             -                             (189)          (189)           -
Dividends paid                                          235 541              -                                                             (189)
                                                                                        2 661 457      3 837 671      24 062        3 861 733
Balance at 31 December 2021                                         940 673

* Refer to note 18 for the details on the movements in the non-distributable reserves.

22  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Consolidated statement of cash flows                                         Notes  2021         2020
                                                                                    R000         R000
for the year ended 31 December 2021                                             A
                                                                                B   657 470       996 237
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                            C    (97 705)     (170 686)
Cash generated from operations                                                  D    60 460
Interest paid                                                                       (26 361)       60 772
Interest received                                                                                 (67 691)
Taxation paid                                                                       593 864
Net cash generated from operating activities                                                      818 632

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                 (103 651)    (84 428)
Purchase of additional property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                    -      (123)
Purchase of replacement property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                        7 875
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets           13 221
Additions to right-of-use assets                                                              -   (6 152)
Net cash utilised in investing activities
                                                                                     (90 430)    (82 828)
CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Interest-bearing liabilities raised                                          E      322 464      649 562
Interest-bearing liabilities repaid
Lease liabilities repaid                                                     E      (690 529) (1 155 564)
Proceeds from share options exercised
Dividends paid                                                                      (53 541)     (56 525)
Net cash utilised in financing activities
                                                                                    -            3 042
Net increase in cash for the year
Net bank overdrafts and borrowings on call at beginning of the year                 (189)            -
Net bank overdrafts and borrowings on call at end of the year
                                                                                    (421 795)    (559 485)

                                                                                      81 639      176 319
                                                                                    (398 641)    (574 960)

                                                                             F      (317 002)    (398 641)

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                                        23
Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows

for the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                                                               Notes       2021        2020
                                                                                                                           R000        R000
A Cash generated from operations
         Profit from operating activities                                                                              403 722      35 618

       Adjustments for non-cash items:                                                                                  36 364      32 914
                                                                                                                       151 396     140 834
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                       9
                                                                                                                        63 436      69 561
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                           7                -   32 940
                                                                                                                                -   23 254
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                     8
                                                                                                                         (8 530)     (4 530)
       Impairment loss recognised on property, plant and equipment                                             7        13 652     (26 786)
                                                                                                                                    31 732
       Impairment loss recognised on intangible assets                                                         9          3 850
                                                                                                                                     (2 129)
       Net surplus on disposal of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets,                                     53 806        1 847
       right-of-use assets and lease liabilities                                                                        14 074        8 657
                                                                                                                       (10 715)    (41 380)
       Increase (decrease) in allowance for expected credit losses                                                      21 103       (8 643)
                                                                                                                        40 117
       Amounts written off as uncollectible                                                                    28      (17 672)             -
                                                                                                                                    53 545
       Increase (decrease) in provision for inventory write-downs, including write-downs to                                     -   62 874
       equipment on short-term rentals                                                                                          -
                                                                                                                          5 211             -
       Increase in provisions                                                                                           25 263              -
                                                                                                                         (4 957)            -
       (Gain) loss arising on financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss          790 120     410 308
                                                                                                                       (42 305)    658 265
       Exchange differences on translation of foreign subsidiaries
                                                                                                                       (73 569)    (98 073)
       Unrealised exchange differences on trade and other receivables and payables                                    (120 050)     34 329

       Increase in WesBank right-of-recovery asset                                                             13      (41 238)       6 776
                                                                                                                       215 434     (42 398)
       Increase in contract liabilities                                                                                (33 213)     13 038
                                                                                                                       (20 975)
       Increase in refund liabilities                                                                                  (17 479)             -
                                                                                                                       (11 929)             -
       Other non-cash items                                                                                                           (241)
                                                                                                                        16 766      24 055
       Net non-cash movements in contract liabilities                                                                    (4 092)     (9 822)
                                                                                                                       657 470     996 237
       Net non-cash movements in refund liabilities
                                                                                                                          8 191     26 394
       Cash generated from operations before working capital changes                                                    96 388     154 168
                                                                                                                       (37 034)    (36 490)
       (Increase) decrease in inventory                                                                                 35 019
                                                                                                                         (4 859)    34 805
       Transfers of inventory to rental assets and plant and equipment in property, plant and equip-                    97 705       (8 191)
                                                                                                                                   170 686
       ment                                                                                                    7

       (Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables

       (Increase) decrease in other assets

       Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables

       (Increase) decrease in instalment sale agreements and other interest-bearing receivables

       Increase in contract liabilities

       Decrease in refund liabilities

       Increase in service and repair work in progress in contract assets                                      11

       WesBank cash collateral repaid                                                                          11

       WesBank cash collateral advanced                                                                        11

       Total cash generated from operations

B      Interest paid

       Interest accrued at beginning of the year

       Add: interest expense                                                                                   29

       Less: interest charged to profit or loss relating to lease liabilities                                  29

       Add: interest portion of lease payments made on lease liabilities

       Less: interest accrued at end of the year

       Total interest paid

   24  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                                        Notes  2021                        2020
                                                                                               R000                        R000

C Interest received                                                                            355                         3
         Interest accrued at beginning of the year
         Add: interest income                                                           30     62 276                      51 025
         Less: deferred finance income from contract liabilities recognised as revenue
         Add: deferred finance income from contracts sold                               22.4   (34 238)                    (24 250)
         Less: interest accrued at end of the year
                                                                                        22.4   35 950                      34 349
         Total interest received
                                                                                               (3 883)                     (355)

                                                                                               60 460                      60 772

D Taxation paid                                                                                48 977                      40 088
         Net taxation refund due at beginning of the year
         Taxation charge for the year:                                                  31.1   (18 684)                    (49 350)
         South African normal taxation
         Foreign taxation                                                               31.1   (52 545)                    (7 202)
         Withholding taxation
         Other corporate taxation                                                       31.1   (2 257)                     (1 723)
         Translation differences
         Net taxation owing (refund due) at end of the year                             31.1   (1 110)                     (828)

         Total taxation paid                                                                   (2 359)                     301

                                                                                               1 617                       (48 977)

                                                                                               (26 361)                    (67 691)

E  Interest-bearing liabilities

   Total interest-bearing liabilities at beginning of the year                                  751 695      1 273 704
                                                                                                    (166)        38 871
   Translation differences                                                                                               -
                                                                                                  (4 820)       (54 878)
   Loan relief in respect of COVID-19                                                                    -
                                                                                                               649 562
   Supplier funding repaid - extended payment terms                                             322 464     (1 155 564)
                                                                                               (690 529)
   Interest-bearing liabilities raised

   Interest-bearing liabilities repaid

   Total interest-bearing liabilities at end of the year                                20     378 644                     751 695

F  Net bank overdrafts and borrowings on call

   Bank overdrafts and borrowings on call                                               38.2   (473 334)                   (481 392)

   Cash and bank balances                                                               16     156 332                     82 751

   Net bank overdrafts and borrowings on call at end of the year                               (317 002)                   (398 641)

                                                                BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  25
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements

for the year ended 31 December 2021

1. GENERAL INFORMATION

            Bell Equipment Limited (the company) is a public company incorporated in South Africa. The addresses of its registered office and
            principal place of business are disclosed on page 98 of this report. The principal activities of the company and its subsidiaries (the
            group) are described in the directors' report under the heading nature of business.

2. ACCOUNTING FRAMEWORK

            2.1  Statement of compliance
                 The consolidated annual financial statements (hereinafter referred to as financial statements) have been prepared in
                 accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the SAICA Financial Reporting Guides as issued by
                 the Accounting Practices Committee, the Interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations
                 Committee (IFRIC), the Financial Reporting Pronouncements as issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Council, the JSE
                 Limited Listings Requirements and in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act in South Africa.

 Basis of accounting

                 The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for the revaluation of properties and certain

                 financial instruments which are measured at fair value. The accounting policies are consistent with those applied to the

                 previous year.

                 The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below and in the related notes to the financial statements.

 Decluttering exercise
 During the current year a decluttering exercise was performed on the financial statements of the group based on the

                     group's assessed materiality. This took quantitative and qualitative factors into account. As a result of this exercise various
                     improvements were made to the presentation and disclosures in the financial statements which included the following
                     changes to the consolidated statement of financial position:
                      · Contract assets were included as part of interest-bearing receivables and contract assets.
                      · Other financial assets and prepayments were aggregated into other assets.
                      · Other financial liabilities and cash-settled employee share-based payment liabilities were aggregated into other

                            liabilities.

                 The prior period has been represented accordingly.

    2.2 Principal accounting policies

                 2.2.1 Foreign currency translation

 Functional and presentation currency

                 The financial statements are presented in South African Rand, which is the company's functional and presentation

                 currency, rounded to the nearest thousand.

                 Items included in the financial statements of each of the group's entities are measured using the currency of the
                 primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the `functional currency').

 Transactions and balances

                 In preparing the financial statements of the individual entities, transactions in currencies other than the entity's

                 functional currency are recorded at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end

                 of each reporting period, monetary balances denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates

                 prevailing at that date. Non-monetary balances carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are

                 retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary balances that

                 are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

                 Forward foreign exchange contracts are separately valued at equivalent forward rates ruling at the reporting date.

                 Gains and losses arising on translation of foreign currency transactions are dealt with in profit or loss. Gains and losses
                 arising on inventory purchases are classified as cost of sales.

 Foreign subsidiary translation

                 The results and financial position of all group entities that have a functional currency different from South African

                 Rand, the company's presentation currency, are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                 · assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position are translated at the exchange rates prevailing at

                 the end of the reporting period;

                 · foreign reserves on the statement of financial position are translated at the exchange rates prevailing at the end

                 of the reporting period;

                 · income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates for the period; and

                 · all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity in

                 the group's foreign currency translation reserve.

                 Such translation differences are reclassified to profit or loss through other comprehensive income in the period in
                 which the foreign operation is discontinued or disposed of.

26  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

3. ADOPTION OF NEW AND AMENDED INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
       STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

In the current year the group has adopted all of the amended standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(IASB) and the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) of the IASB that are relevant to its operations and
effective for annual reporting periods beginning on 1 January 2021.

            3.1  New and amended standards adopted
                 During the current year, no new standards have been adopted but the group adopted certain amended standards which
                 had no significant impact on the group's financial statements.

            3.2  Standards and amendments in issue not yet adopted
                 At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the following amended standards relevant to the group were in
                 issue but not yet effective.

                 Amended                                                                                                       Effective date
                                                                                                                                    for annual
                                                                                                                                        periods

                                                                                                                               beginning on
                                                                                                                                       or after:

                 Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018 - 2020                                                             1 January 2022
                 IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments: Amendments regarding the derecognition of financial liabilities               1 January 2022
                 IAS 1 - Presentation of Financial Statements: Amendments regarding the classification of liabilities          1 January 2023
                 IAS 1 - Presentation of Financial Statements: Disclosure of accounting policies                               1 January 2023
                 IAS 8 - Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors: Definition of accounting estimates   1 January 2023
                 IAS 12 - Income Taxes: Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction       1 January 2023
                 IAS 16 - Property, Plant and Equipment: Amendments regarding proceeds before intended use                     1 January 2022
                 IAS 37 - Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets: Amendments regarding the costs to include
                                                                                                                               1 January 2022
                            when assessing whether a contract is onerous

                 All above amended accounting standards are not anticipated to have a significant impact on the group's financial
                 statements in future periods when these are adopted.

                          BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                                                27
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
       ESTIMATES

           4.1  Judgements made by management in applying accounting policies
                Preparing financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and
                related disclosures. Certain accounting policies have been identified as involving particularly complex or subjective judgements
                or assessments. These judgements made by management are described below:

 Revenue recognition
 a) Judgements in determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations
· performance obligations satisfied at a point in time (refer to notes 27.1 and 27.2)
· performance obligations satisfied over time (refer to notes 27.3.1, 27.4 and 27.5)
· performance obligations with regards to bill and hold arrangements (refer to note 27.1.1)
 b) Judgements in determining whether the group is a principal or an agent
· performance obligations with regards to transport services (refer to note 27.3.2)
 c) Judgements and estimates in determining the transaction price and the amounts allocated to performance obligations
· residual value guarantees (affecting revenue recognition and the refund liability for residual value risk) (refer to notes

                            27.1.5 and 23.1)
· credit risk undertakings (affecting revenue recognition) (refer to note 42)
· effects of the time value of money relating to deferred service contract revenue, extended warranty contracts and

                            instalment sale agreements (refer to notes 22, 27.1.6, 27.3.1 and 27.4)
· trade-ins (refer to note 27.1.3)
· allocation of the transaction price (refer to note 27.1.1)

 Standard warranties
 a) Judgements and estimations in determining the group's obligation to end customers with regards to warranties on

                        manufactured equipment provided by the group (refer to note 24.1)
 b) Judgements and estimations in determining the group's obligation to end customers with regards to supplier warranties

                        provided by third party equipment suppliers and third party component suppliers (refer to note 24.2)
 c) Judgements in determining when the group's reimbursement right from third party component suppliers is established (refer

                        to note 24)

 Financial assets
 a) Judgement and estimates in determining the impairments of financial assets (refer to note 14)
 b) Judgement and estimates in determining the fair value of the unlisted equity investment (refer to note 10)

 Revaluation of property, plant and equipment
 a) Judgements in selecting an appropriate valuation technique (refer to note 7)

 Intangible assets
 a) Judgements and estimates in determining time spent by engineering department (refer to note 9)
 b) Judgements and estimates in determining the useful lives (refer to note 9)
 c) Judgements in determining when the recognition criteria have been met (refer to note 9)

 Basis of consolidation
 a) Control over WesBank financing venture (refer to note 42)

           4.2 Dilutive impact on earnings (loss) per share and headline earnings (loss) per share of the potential ordinary shares relating to the
                  shareholding of BEE parties in BECSA and BESSA (refer to notes 32.2 and 32.4)

 a) Judgements in determining whether the BEE parties will be settled in cash, shares in another group entity or shares in the
                        company. The directors concluded that the parties will be settled in shares in the company.

 b) Judgements and assumptions regarding expected future cash flows, factors such as expected future market conditions,
                        discount rates and terminal growth rates in respect of valuations performed on BECSA and BESSA. Refer to note 4.3 below
                        and to note 5 in respect of key inputs into the valuation of BECSA. In respect of BESSA, the key valuation inputs were as
                        follows:

· forecast sales volumes
· discount rate of 15,4%
· terminal growth rate of 4%

           4.3 IAS 36 Impairment of Assets and going concern
 The judgements made by management in respect of the impairment of assets are described below:
 a) Judgements in identifying the group's cash generating units (refer to note 5)
 b) Judgements in determining the discount rates (refer to note 5)
 c) Judgements in determining the terminal growth rates (refer to note 5)
 d) Judgements and estimates in determining the future cash flows (refer to note 5)

                The determination of forecasts and expected future cash flows requires management to exercise judgement and make
                assumptions relating to factors such as expected future market conditions. Refer to note 5.

28              BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

5. IMPAIRMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND IMPACT ON THE FINANCIAL RESULTS
       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021

In terms of IAS 36 Impairment of Assets the group is required to perform tests for impairment of assets based on the expected future
cash flows pertaining to these assets whenever there is an indication that these assets may be impaired.

At 31 December 2021 the market capitalisation and net asset value of the group were R1,2 billion (2020: R0,6 billion) and R3,9 billion
(2020: R3,5 billion) respectively. This is an indicator of possible impairment of the group's business in terms of IAS 36.

Management has identified two types of CGU's and has adopted the following approach in order to assess the relevant CGU for
impairment:
· OEM CGU: The Richards Bay manufacturing component (BECSA), the Germany manufacturing and assembly component

        (Kindel), the Germany logistics centre component (Alsfeld), BEGS including the GLC component and Bell Equipment North
        America Inc. component (BENA), constitute this main CGU. Management has calculated a fair value for this CGU using a
        discounted cash flow model which is compared to the relevant net assets within the CGU in order to determine whether there
        is any need for impairment of OEM assets. A discounted cash flow valuation was performed for each of the components and
        the sum of the fair values of the components was compared with the carrying amount of the assets recorded in the financial
        statements for the OEM CGU.
· Dealer CGU's: There are a number of CGU's relating to the owned direct sales operations, such as BESSA. Management
        performed a qualitative risk assessment of the profitability and any potential exposure of assets within the relevant CGU to
        impairment under IAS 36. No impairment losses were identified from this review.

Further consideration was given to the possible impairment of specific asset categories on the statement of financial position.

5.1 Impairment considerations of the OEM CGU

  The following was considered in the valuation based on discounted cash flow methodology of the OEM CGU:

· Discounted cash flow valuation principles were applied in assessing the expected future cash flows pertaining to each of

  the operations comprising the OEM CGU. A fair value less costs to sell measurement was performed.

· The key assumptions used in the valuations related to financial forecasts, cash flow projections, terminal growth rates

  and discount rates as listed below. The financial forecasts and cash flow projections were approved by the board of

  directors. Specialists were engaged to determine appropriate discount rates and terminal growth rates, to review the

  appropriateness of the valuation methodology applied and the accuracy of implementation thereof by management.

  Key inputs into the valuations performed were as follows:

 · the sales volumes forecast by market was a key input to the financial forecasts.

 · discount rates and terminal growth rates of the operations as described below:

                                                             2021                                        2020

                                              Weighted Average Cost        Terminal Weighted Average Cost           Terminal

                                              of Capital                   growth rate  of Capital                  growth rate

                                              Low                    High               Low              High

  Operations comprising the OEM CGU           %                      %          %       %                      %                 %

  Manufacturing operations                    22,8                   25,4       4,5     19,5             21,8                    4,5
  - BECSA
  - Kindel                                    8,2                    9,1        2,0     7,8                    8,7               2,0
  Logistics operations
  - Alsfeld                                   7,9                    8,7        2,0     7,9                    8,7               2,0
  - Bell Equipment North America Inc. (BENA)
  OEM                                         10,2                   11,1       2,0     9,9              10,8                    2,0
  - BEGS
                                              20,0                   21,7       4,5     18,0             19,4                    4,5

  In respect of the discount rates, key inputs into the cost of equity and after tax cost of debt were:

· Small stock premium ­ considerations were the diversification of the group that operates across a number of jurisdictions

  with a diversified customer base, the substantial market share in South Africa, the governance in place being a listed

  entity, and the level of gearing. A small stock premium of 0.0% was applied.

· Risk free rate ­ nominal risk free rates were applied as follows:

 - BECSA and BEGS - 9,63% (2020: 8,73%) based on the yield of the R2030 South African Government bond as at year

  end;

 - Kindel and Alsfeld - 0,09% (2020: 0,19%) based on the average yield on various long term Euro denominated German

  Government bonds at year end;

 - BENA - 1,98% (2020: 1,45%) based on the yield on the US 20 year treasury bonds at year end.

· Market risk premium ­ a market risk premium of 6,5% (2020: 6,5%) was used for all entities. The US market risk premium was

  reduced by 50 basis points to take into account the risk free rate in that market.

· Beta co-efficient for BECSA and BEGS of 1,10 (2020: 1,08), for BENA of 1,11 (2020: 1,09) and for Kindel and Alsfeld of 1,09

  (2020: 1,07) were used.

· Company specific risk premiums, taking into consideration the business models and risks of the businesses, of in the range

  of minus 5% to 5% (2020: -5% to 5%) for BECSA and Kindel, in the range of 10% to 20% (2020: 10% to 20%) for BEGS and

  BENA and in the range of 0% to 10% (2020: 0% to 10%) for Alsfeld, were applied.

                                              BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                          29
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

5. IMPAIRMENT CONSIDERATIONS AND IMPACT ON THE FINANCIAL RESULTS
       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021 continued

            5.1 Impairment considerations of the OEM CGU continued
· Cost of debt ­ a credit spread of 2% (2020: 2%), taking into account the actual cost of external borrowings as well as

                            market comparators, was added to the respective risk free rates.
· A capital structure of 80% (2020: 80%) equity and 20% (2020: 20%) debt was assumed.

        · The prevailing corporate tax rates in the respective jurisdictions were used.

    Terminal growth rates were benchmarked against respective long-term inflation rates that are inherent in the applied risk free
    rates. Inflation and other macroeconomic data was obtained from independent analyst reports.

    The recoverable amount of the OEM CGU was determined as R3,5 billion, compared with the carrying amount of the sum of
    the operations comprising the OEM CGU of R1,4 billion.

    No impairment losses relating to the operations comprising the OEM CGU were identified from this review.

            5.2 Impairment considerations of specific asset categories
 Further consideration was given to the impairment of specific asset categories on the statement of financial position as set

                     out below.

                     5.2.1  Inventory
                            The group conducted its detailed annual assessment of the valuation of inventory at 31 December 2021. All inventory
                            is valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. At 31 December 2021, an amount of R326,9 million (2020:
                            R378,0 million) included in inventory was carried at net realisable value. Included in cost of sales in the current year is
                            an amount of R42,5 million (2020: R111,0 million) in respect of write-downs of inventory.

                            The following steps and considerations were taken by management as part of its assessment to determine if

                            inventories were impaired:

· inventory was categorised by type (new equipment, used equipment and parts by product), ageing and

                            market into which the inventory is expected to be sold.

· the impact on net realisable value of certain inventory as a result of discontinued dealership arrangements.

    5.2.2 Trade and interest-bearing receivables

                            The balances owed by customers to the group are reviewed on an ongoing basis, with specific emphasis on

                            protecting the value of the group's security, comprising mainly the financed equipment. There has been no change

                            to this approach during the current year. Management considered the likely impact of the current economic and

                            market conditions on the expected loss rates for receivables. Management has concluded that no change on a

                            portfolio basis is required. Steps and considerations taken by management as part of the forward-looking assessment

                            of expected credit losses included the following:

· the market prices being realised and expected to be realised for capital equipment in the South African market.

· the robustness of the group's processes to inspect, service and maintain equipment held as security for

                            outstanding receivables.

· the status and prospects of the revenue generating contracts on which the financed equipment is being

                            used by the customers with significant outstanding balances and the industries in which those customers are

                            operating.

· the status of cash conversion on customer accounts, including parts accounts.

                     5.2.3  Property, plant and equipment
                            Sales and production volumes have returned to normal trading levels after the lower sales levels experienced at
                            the start of the Covid-19 pandemic and the group's longer-term plans and forecasts remain largely unchanged.
                            The group plans to use its assets to support revenue generating activities and no significant negative impact on
                            the planned productivity of these assets is envisaged. No impairment of property, plant and equipment assets was
                            therefore considered necessary in the current year.

                     5.2.4  Intangible assets
                            A review was conducted of capitalised engineering development costs and no impairment loss was recognised in
                            the current year as a result of the tests for impairment of these intangible assets.

    5.3 Directors' assessment of going concern
             As part of the assessment of the appropriateness of adopting the going concern basis in preparing the consolidated annual
             financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021, the directors considered the group's cash flow forecasts for the
             next 12 months. These forecasts are based on expected demand for the next 12 months. The cash flow forecast reflects that
             the group expects to operate within facility levels and generate sufficient cash flows to settle its obligations when due.

    The group's net debt at 31 December 2021 has improved since 2020 to approximately R0,7 billion (2020: R1,2 billion). The
    group's lenders continue to support the business.

    The directors consider it appropriate that the year-end financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.

    The board will continue to monitor the ongoing impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the economic and market conditions
    and the group's operations and its financial position. The focus will remain on cash preservation and working capital
    management.

30  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

6. OPERATING SEGMENTS

            Accounting policy

            The operating segments of the group by geographical area have been identified on the basis of internal reports about
            components of the group that are regularly reviewed by the group's chief executive in order to allocate resources to the
            segments and to assess their performance.

            The group conducts two main business operations:

            Manufacturing, assembly, logistics and dealer sales operations
            · OEM operations comprising manufacturing, assembly and sales of equipment and aftermarket products to independent

                  dealers for their distribution to market.

            Direct Sales operations
            · owned distribution operations for direct sales of own manufactured products, other third party products and the supply of

                  aftermarket support and products to market.

            The Manufacturing, assembly, logistics and dealer sales operations comprise operations in South Africa and Europe:
            · South Africa includes the group's main OEM and manufacturing operations in Richards Bay and the group's global parts

                  logistics centre in Johannesburg. The main function of these operations is to manufacture and distribute product to the rest of
                  the group and to independent dealers in North America, Africa, South America and Australasia.
            · Europe includes dealer support operations in the United Kingdom, France, Russia and Germany as well as an assembly plant
                  and a parts logistics centre in Germany which distribute product to independent dealers in North America, Europe and Asia.

            The Direct Sales operations comprise operations in South Africa and Rest of Africa:
            · South Africa includes a number of customer service centres in South Africa and Swaziland.
            · Rest of Africa includes customer service centres in Zambia and Zimbabwe.

            Other operations include the results of the group's holding companies, intra-group loan investment companies, property
            investment company and BBBEE companies and trust.

            The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the group's accounting policies.

            Each reportable segment, except for the other operations and inter-segmental eliminations segment, derives its revenue mainly
            from the sale of equipment and aftermarket products.

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  31
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

6. OPERATING SEGMENTS continued

                                                            Manufacturing,
                                                       assembly, logistics and Direct Sales operations
                                                       dealer sales operations

    2021                                               South              Europe   South       Rest of             Other  Consolidated
                                                       Africa                R000  Africa      Africa      operations                 R000
                                                                                                             and inter-
                                                        R000                        R000         R000      segmental
                                                                                                          eliminations*

                                                                                                                    R000

    Revenue **                                         1 559 116 3 077 428 3 044 088           336 493                 -  8 017 125
    External revenue                                                                              2 641   (3 788 193)                 -
    Inter-segment revenue                              3 556 860 209 936           18 756

    Total revenue                                      5 115 976 3 287 364 3 062 844 339 134              (3 788 193)     8 017 125

    Profit from operating activities ***                 8 558   157 561            94 036     122 546         21 021       403 722
    Interest expense                                   (97 134)  (18 024)          (67 583)      (4 522)       90 875        (96 388)
    Interest income                                     60 636                      31 341          123       (30 662)        62 276
    Taxation                                                          838          (21 037)      (6 243)      (28 052)       (75 344)
    (Loss) profit for the year                           6 547   (26 559)                                      53 182       294 266
                                                                                    36 757     111 904
    Segment assets                                     (21 393)  113 816                                  (1 235 925)     6 924 007
                                                                                               267 678
    Segment liabilities                                4 252 535 2 223 787 1 415 932                      (3 071 440)     3 062 274
                                                                                               132 500
                                                       3 499 598 1 192 851 1 308 765

    Other information                                  89 299             6 070    2 825        3 107     2 350           103 651
                                                        9 254             5 710    9 270               -        -          24 234
    Additions to property, plant and equipment and
    intangible assets                                  120 001            29 123 106 502        4 000     (8 430)         251 196

    Additions to right-of-use assets                    27 395   (20 669)                   -   5 470      (1 045)            11 151
                                                       886 073   297 501           299 501     35 197      11 256         1 529 528
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment
    and right-of-use assets and amortisation of         23 557            9 078       (959)       (107)   (16 605)            14 964
    intangibles                                                                                 1 401
                                                       126 368            10 800   30 040                      (45)         168 564
    Other material items of income and expense:

    - Net foreign currency losses (gains)

    - Staff costs (including directors' remuneration)

    - Increase (decrease) in contract provision -
      warranty

    - Warranty expenditure - standard and extended
      warranties

    Information about major customers
    Included in the manufacturing, assembly, logistics and dealer sales operations segment, in South Africa and Europe, are sales to a
    distributor in the United States of America which represent more than 10% of the group's external revenue. No other single customer
    contributed 10% or more to the group's revenue in either 2021 or 2020.

            *  Inter-segmental eliminations above relate to the following:
               i) Revenue - the elimination of intra-group sales transactions, mainly sales from the manufacturing, assembly, logistics and

                     dealer sales operations to other group operations.
               ii) Operating profit - the elimination of profit or loss on intra-group transactions, mainly sales transactions from the

                     manufacturing, assembly, logistics and dealer sales operations to the other group operations, where the inventory has not
                     yet been on-sold to a third party at period end.
               iii) Assets and liabilities - the intra-group transactions result in intra-group receivables and payables balances and furthermore
                     intra-group loans are in place between certain group operations. These are eliminated on consolidation.

    ** The group's revenue from major products and services is disclosed in note 27.

    *** Profit from operating activities in the Rest of Africa segment includes the intra-group waiving of debt owed by the Zimbabwean
          operation.

32             BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

6. OPERATING SEGMENTS continued

                                                        Manufacturing,
                                                   assembly, logistics and Direct Sales operations
                                                   dealer sales operations

2020                                               South      Europe      South       Rest of                Other  Consolidated
                                                   Africa        R000     Africa      Africa         operations                 R000
                                                                                                       and inter-
                                                    R000                   R000         R000         segmental
                                                                                                    eliminations*

                                                                                                              R000

Revenue **                                         1 072 892 2 321 332 2 974 903      321 150                    -  6 690 277
External revenue                                                                         2 606      (3 441 920)                 -
Inter-segment revenue                              3 169 922 249 894      19 498

Total revenue                                      4 242 814 2 571 226 2 994 401 323 756            (3 441 920)     6 690 277

(Loss) profit from operating activities             (64 778)  (73 982)    125 664     (17 791)           66 505         35 618
Interest expense                                   (124 973)  (24 476)    (98 477)      (6 844)        100 602       (154 168)
Interest income                                                            28 811        2 258          (40 110)
Taxation                                             57 482     2 584     (23 498)       1 259          (31 326)        51 025
(Loss) profit for the year                           38 129    25 802                                                   10 366
                                                                           32 500     (21 118)           95 671        (57 159)
Segment assets                                      (94 140)  (70 072)
                                                                                      228 416       (1 486 108)     6 639 939
Segment liabilities                                4 159 869 1 988 767 1 748 995
                                                                                      223 118       (3 546 594)     3 136 161
                                                   3 357 809 1 440 074 1 661 754

Other information                                   76 959       5 833       1 067        327       365             84 551
                                                    82 311       6 113     92 089             -
Additions to property, plant and equipment and                                                      -               180 513
intangible assets                                  114 692     31 828     100 059      5 164
                                                                                                    (8 434)         243 309
Additions to right-of-use assets                    34 237       2 596             -  14 941
                                                   715 719    259 991     277 851     39 605        (5 071)             46 703
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                        5 083          1 298 249
and right-of-use assets and amortisation of           1 720      1 395         421       (830)
intangibles                                        151 128       3 777     26 867      1 440        (1 749)                 957
                                                                                      31 873
Other material items of income and expense:         24 321             -           -                 1 369            184 581
                                                                                                           -            56 194
- Net foreign currency losses (gains)

- Staff costs (including directors' remuneration)

- Increase (decrease) in contract provision -
  warranty

- Warranty expenditure - standard and extended
  warranties

- Impairment losses recognised on assets

            *   Inter-segmental eliminations above relate to the following:
                i) Revenue - the elimination of intra-group sales transactions, mainly sales from the manufacturing, assembly, logistics and

                     dealer sales operations to other group operations.
                ii) Operating (loss) profit - the elimination of profit or loss on intra-group transactions, mainly sales transactions from the

            **       manufacturing, assembly, logistics and dealer sales operations to the other group operations, where the inventory has not
                     yet been on-sold to a third party at period end.
                iii) Assets and liabilities - the intra-group transactions result in intra-group receivables and payables balances and furthermore
                     intra-group loans are in place between certain group operations. These are eliminated on consolidation.

                The group's revenue from major products and services is disclosed in note 27.

                                                   BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021        33
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

    Accounting policy

    Freehold land is not depreciated and is stated at revalued amounts with subsequent additions at cost, less any subsequent
    accumulated impairment losses. Freehold buildings are stated at revalued amounts, with subsequent additions at cost less
    subsequent accumulated depreciation and any subsequent accumulated impairment losses. Other assets and its subsequent
    additions are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.

    Revaluations of freehold land and buildings are undertaken every three years or when there is an indication of impairment,
    whichever comes first and are classified as Level 3 fair value measurements under IFRS 13. The group engages independent
    qualified valuers to perform the valuations. Inputs into the valuation model are based on market data to the extent it is available
    and can cause material fluctuations in the fair value of the relevant properties. Any revaluation increase arising on the revaluation
    of such land and buildings is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity, except to the extent that
    it reverses a revaluation decrease for the same asset previously recognised in profit or loss, in which case the increase is credited
    to profit or loss to the extent of the decrease previously expensed. A decrease in the carrying amount arising on the revaluation
    of such land and buildings is recognised in profit or loss to the extent that it exceeds the balance, if any, held in the properties
    revaluation reserve relating to a previous revaluation of that asset. On the subsequent sale or disposal of a revalued property,
    the attributable revaluation surplus remaining in the properties revaluation reserve is transferred directly to retained earnings.
    Depreciation on revalued buildings is recognised in profit or loss.

    Depreciation of assets commences when the asset is available for use and is expensed in the statement of profit or loss. The
    depreciable values of leasehold buildings are depreciated over the shorter of their expected useful lives and the period of the
    lease. Depreciation on other assets is provided on a straight-line basis over the anticipated useful lives of the assets, taking residual
    values into account. Depreciation ceases on an asset only when the asset is derecognised or when it is classified as held for sale.

    Rental assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Manufactured and third party equipment is classified as rental
    assets under property, plant and equipment when they are held for rental to others and these rentals are expected to exceed 12
    months. Equipment that is held for sale but is incidentally rented out under short-term rentals until a buyer is found, is classified as
    inventory. Rental assets are depreciated based on the hours utilised while on rental. Depreciation on rental assets is classified as
    cost of sales.

    An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to
    arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and
    equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in
    profit or loss.

    The annual rates of depreciation currently used are:       2% to 3,33%
    · Freehold buildings                                         5% to 20%
    · Leasehold buildings                                        4% to 33%
    · Plant and equipment                                       25% to 35%
    · Rental assets - manufactured and third party equipment
    · Vehicles                                                       20%
    · Aircraft                                                 10% to 12,5%

    Useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually, with the effect of any change in accounting estimate accounted for on a
    prospective basis. In assessing the useful lives of the assets and residual values, factors such as technological innovation, product
    life cycles and maintenance programmes are taken into account. Residual value assessments consider issues such as market
    conditions, the remaining life of the asset and projected disposal values. In assessing useful lives and residual values assumptions
    are made concerning the future and these may cause a significant adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets within the
    next financial year.

    Impairment of property, plant and equipment
    At the end of the reporting period, the group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment to determine
    whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable
    amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate
    the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset
    belongs. Refer to the impairment considerations in note 5.

    Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
    flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
    of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted. Assumptions are
    made in projecting disposal values and in determining estimated future cash flows. Estimation uncertainties may cause a material
    adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets within the next financial year.

    If the recoverable amount of an asset (or CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset
    (or CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant
    asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease through other
    comprehensive income.

34  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT continued

                                                     Accumulated                                   Accumulated
                                                      depreciation
                                                                                                   depreciation
                                                                   and
                                             Cost /    impairments      Net book       Cost /                and        Net book
                                         valuation                           value                                           value
                                                                  2021        2021     valuation impairments                  2020
                                               2021               R000        R000                                            R000
                                               R000                                    2020                  2020
                                                                                                                          598 135
                                                                                       R000                  R000             4 620

Freehold land and buildings              649 552      69 220            580 332        642 936                44 801      228 927
Leasehold buildings *                       7 656       2 921              4 735          6 925                 2 305
Plant and equipment                                                                                                         91 338
Rental assets - manufactured and         724 729     500 570            224 159        686 083               457 156        12 132
third party equipment
Vehicles and aircraft                    195 803      98 371             97 432          191 026              99 688      935 152
                                          57 932      45 622             12 310            53 637             41 505

Total                                    1 635 672   716 704            918 968        1 580 607             645 455

Movement in property, plant              Freehold    Leasehold            Plant and                 Rental   Vehicles   Total
and equipment                                  land  buildings *        equipment                    assets       and   R000
                                               and                                     - manufactured
2021                                                         R000                R000   and third party       aircraft
Net book value at beginning of the year  buildings                                            equipment           R000
Additions                                     R000
Disposals                                                                                              R000
Depreciation
Transfers **                             598 135     4 620              228 927         91 338               12 132      935 152
Translation differences                     2 639      640               55 058                 -             4 502       62 839
                                                  -        -              (4 971)               -                (52)      (5 023)
Net book value at end of the year                     (567)             (53 352)                             (4 933)
                                         (24 152)          -              (1 418)      (68 392)                  501    (151 396)
2020                                              -      42                   (85)      74 486                   160      73 569
Net book value at beginning                                                                                                 3 827
of the year                                 3 710    4 735              224 159                 -
Net loss on revaluation                                                                                      12 310 918 968
Impairment loss                          580 332                                        97 432
Additions
Disposals                                604 058      6 756             231 174         53 648               14 660      910 296
Depreciation                             (31 993)           -                    -              -                    -   (31 993)
Transfers **                                                -                                   -                    -
Translation differences                           -                       (1 067)               -                          (1 067)
                                              377         41             42 579                 -             2 324       45 321
Net book value at end of the year            (104)     (222)              (3 034)                               (228)      (3 588)
                                         (25 266)      (610)            (52 236)       (57 278)              (5 444)    (140 834)
                                            1 656    (1 656)                            94 968                            98 073
                                          49 407        311                3 105                                     -    58 944
                                                                           8 406                -                820
                                         598 135      4 620                                                              935 152
                                                                        228 927         91 338               12 132

* Leasehold buildings relate to improvements not refunded or reimbursed by the landlord or improvements which are not part of
     the lease contract.

** Transfers of rental assets to the amount of R74,5 million (2020: R95,0 million) relate to equipment held for rental reclassified from
     inventory to rental assets in property, plant and equipment.

Certain property, plant and equipment is encumbered as indicated in note 20.1.

                                                     BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021          35
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT continued

    Freehold land and buildings at valuation/cost comprise:        2021       2020
                                                                   R000       R000
    South Africa                                               249 415    247 065
    Richards Bay
    Lot 1892 Alton Industrial Township, Richards Bay            21 200     21 200
    Lot 1894 Alton Industrial Township, Richards Bay            56 300     56 300
    Lot 10024 Alton Industrial Township, Richards Bay          132 115    129 765
    Middelburg
    Portion 45 Lot 11063, Extension 33, Middelburg              39 800     39 800
    Germany                                                    330 595    331 139
    Oberste-Elpersweide 4, Alsfeld, Germany
    Industriestraße 8, Hörselberg-Hainich, 99820, Germany       91 130     91 353
    Zambia                                                     239 465    239 786
    Plots 4095 and 4096, Chingola Road, Kitwe, Zambia
    France                                                      63 866     59 065
    35 Avenue du Berry, 23800, Dun le Palestel
                                                                  5 676      5 667

    Total freehold land and buildings at cost/valuation        649 552    642 936

    South Africa
    The freehold land and buildings in Richards Bay and Middelburg were valued by the Mills Fitchet group, independent qualified
    valuers, on the fair value in continuation of existing use basis. These valuations were carried out in 2019. Additions subsequent to
    the last valuation are at cost.

    Reconciliation of carrying amount - Richards Bay

    Net book value at beginning of the year                    192 108    204 536
    Additions                                                     2 350        365
    Depreciation
    Net book value at end of the year                          (12 837)   (12 793)
                                                               181 621    192 108

    Germany
    The construction of the property in Germany was completed during 2019 and will be revalued within the next revaluation cycle.

    Reconciliation of carrying amount - Germany

    Net book value at beginning of the year                    308 958    277 251
    Translation differences                                        (989)   41 546
    Additions                                                       266          12
    Depreciation                                                            (9 851)
                                                                 (9 136)

    Net book value at end of the year                          299 099    308 958

36  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT continued

Freehold land and buildings at valuation/cost comprise: continued

Zambia
TThe group's freehold land and buildings in Zambia were valued by Mak Associates Consulting Limited, independent qualified
valuers, based on the investment approach using the capitalisation method. These valuations were carried out in 2020. Additions
subsequent to the last valuation are at cost.

Reconciliation of carrying amount - Zambia                                                             2021         2020
                                                                                                       R000         R000

Net book value at beginning of the year                                                                59 065        85 111
Translation differences                                                                                 4 711         7 859
Depreciation                                                                                           (1 300)       (1 912)
Level 3 revaluation loss charged to profit or loss                                                             -
Level 3 revaluation loss debited to revaluation reserve                                                        -    (31 873)
                                                                                                                        (120)

Net book value at end of the year                                                                      62 476       59 065

The comparable amounts under the historical cost convention for the freehold land and buildings were:

Historical carrying amount                                                                             474 012      480 095

                                                         BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  37
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

8. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

    Accounting policy

    The group as lessee
    At inception of a contract, the group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease.

    The group recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability at the lease commencement date with respect to
    all lease arrangements in which it is the lessee. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at the initial amount of the lease liability
    adjusted for any lease prepayments made at or before the commencement date. Refer to note 21 for the group's accounting
    policy on lease liabilities.

    Subsequent to initial measurement, the right-of-use asset is depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement
    date to the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the group by the end of the lease
    term. In that case the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same
    basis as those of property, plant and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses,
    if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability. The group applies IAS 36 Impairment of Assets to determine
    whether a right-of-use asset is impaired (refer to note 5) and accounts for any identified impairment loss as described in note 7.

    Short-term leases and leases of low value assets
    The group does not recognise a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability for short-term leases and leases of low value
    assets, but recognises the lease payments as operating expenses on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease unless another
    systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased assets are consumed.

    The group leases various land and buildings, plant and equipment and vehicles. Lease contracts typically extend for fixed periods of
    one to 12 years but may have further extension options.

                                                      Accumulated          Net book              Accumulated  Net book
                                                       depreciation             value                              value
                                             Cost                                2021  Cost depreciation            2020
                                             2021                  2021          R000                               R000
                                             R000                  R000                2020      2020

    Right-of-use assets                                                                R000      R000

    Land and buildings                       371 787  143 506              228 281     353 875   100 467      253 408
    Plant and equipment                       13 345     9 221                4 124     13 092      6 077        7 015
    Vehicles                                  65 897                                    59 824
                                                       47 336               18 561                32 852       26 972
    Total                                    451 029                                   426 791
                                                      200 063              250 966               139 396      287 395

                                                      Land and buildings Plant and equipment     Vehicles         Total
                                                                                                      R000        R000
    Movement in right-of-use assets                                        R000        R000
                                                                                                              287 395
    2021                                                                   253 408      7 015     26 972       24 234
    Net book value at beginning of the year                                 15 538        423      8 273          (302)
    Additions                                                                       -      (77)      (225)    (63 436)
    Disposals                                                              (41 933)                              3 075
    Depreciation                                                              1 268    (3 200)   (18 303)
    Translation differences                                                                (37)    1 844      250 966
                                                                           228 281
    Net book value at end of the year                                                   4 124     18 561      173 281
                                                                           124 450                            180 513
    2020                                                                   173 866      9 399     39 432
    Net book value at beginning of the year                                               224      6 423        (1 361)
    Additions *                                                                (961)          -      (400)    (69 561)
    Disposals                                                              (46 350)
    Depreciation                                                                       (3 340)   (19 871)        4 523
    Translation differences                                                   2 403       732      1 388      287 395

    Net book value at end of the year                                      253 408      7 015     26 972

    * Additions in the prior year include the extension of the property lease relating to the group's customer service and logistics
          centre premises in Jet Park, Johannesburg for a further 12 year period for an amount of R164,3 million. Refer to note 21.

    Amounts recognised in profit and loss during the reporting period:                           2021         2020
                                                                                                 R000         R000

    Depreciation expense on right-of-use assets                                                  63 436       69 561
    Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                        37 034       36 490
    Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases of low value assets                        18 681       17 304

38  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

9. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

            Accounting policy

            Intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is charged
            on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives and is recognised in profit or loss under factory operating expenses. The
            estimated useful lives and amortisation methods are reviewed at the end of each annual reporting period, with the effect of any
            changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

            Intangible assets acquired separately
            Intangible assets with finite useful lives acquired separately relate to capitalised software.

            The annual rates of amortisation currently used are 10% to 20%.

            Intangible assets generated from internal projects - research and development expenditure
            Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

            Where an intangible asset arises from the development phase of an internal project, management together with the various
            teams, largely being the engineering and marketing teams, assess whether the project meets the criteria for capitalisation. A
            project is only recognised as an asset if all of the following criteria listed in the project charter have been demonstrated:
            · the technical feasibility of completing the project so that the product being developed will be available for use or sale;
            · the intention to complete the project and use or sell the product being developed;
            · the ability to use or sell the product being developed;
            · how the project will generate probable future economic benefits;
            · the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the

                  product being developed; and
            · the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the project during the development phase.

            In the group's judgement the above criteria are generally considered to be met when the teams commence the building of the
            prototype of the product being developed. The amount initially recognised for internally generated intangible assets is the sum
            of the expenditure incurred from the date when the project first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no intangible
            asset can be recognised, development expenditure is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

            The expenditure incurred on an internal project comprises of an allocation of the relevant engineering staff salary costs together
            with any material required for purpose of such development. In determining the engineering salary cost incurred, an estimate
            is made of the time spent by the engineering department on each of the internal projects and an allocation between these
            is made. This estimate of time is reviewed at regular intervals during the development phase and an adjustment made where
            necessary. This requires judgement.

            An assessment is made once the development phase has ended, and thereafter annually, of the estimated useful life of each
            internal project capitalised. The assessment is based on past projects together with any information on future market trends. This
            requires judgement. The estimated useful lives currently vary from 5 to 10 years.

            Derecognition of intangible assets
            An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal. Gains or
            losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
            carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

            Impairment of intangible assets
            Intangible assets are subject to the same impairment testing and impairment accounting principles as those described in the
            accounting policy for property, plant and equipment (refer to note 7). Refer to the impairment considerations in note 5.

            Where intangible assets are not yet available for use, impairment testing is done annually and whenever there is an indication that
            the asset may be impaired.

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  39
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

9. INTANGIBLE ASSETS continued

                                             Cost     Accumulated        Net book    Cost       Accumulated        Net book
                                             2021       amortisation          value  2020         amortisation          value
                                             R000                   and        2021  R000                     and        2020
                                                        impairments            R000               impairments            R000
                                                                   2021                                      2020
                                                                   R000                                      R000

    Intangible assets                        103 576   56 536             47 040      95 264     51 114             44 150
                                             449 013  213 817            235 196     416 476    182 839            233 637
    Capitalised software

    Capitalised engineering development
    expenditure

    Total                                    552 589  270 353            282 236 511 740        233 953            277 787

    Movement in intangible assets                                        Capitalised               Capitalised         Total
                                                                             software             engineering          R000
    2021                                                                          R000          development
    Net book value at beginning of the year                                                      expenditure       277 787
    Additions                                                                                                       40 812
    Amortisation                                                                                            R000   (36 364)
    Translation differences                                                                                                 1
    Net book value at end of the year                                                44 150     233 637
                                                                                      8 275      32 537            282 236
    2020                                                                             (5 386)    (30 978)
    Net book value at beginning of the year                                                 1             -        294 725
    Impairment loss                                                                                                (23 254)
    Additions                                                                        47 040     235 196             39 230
    Amortisation                                                                                                   (32 914)
                                                                                     49 769     244 956            277 787
    Net book value at end of the year                                                        -  (23 254)
                                                                                                 38 916
                                                                                         314    (26 981)
                                                                                     (5 933)
                                                                                                233 637
                                                                                     44 150

40  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

10. INVESTMENTS

            Accounting policy

            Investments are classified as at fair value through other comprehensive income and comprise of listed and unlisted equity
            instruments which are not held for trading. The group has elected to designate the investments below as at fair value through
            other comprehensive income as these are strategic investments and the group considers this classification to be more relevant.

            Upon initial recognition, the investments are measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, any
            gains and losses arising from changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
            investment revaluation reserve. Upon disposal of the equity investment, any related balance within the investment revaluation
            reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but transferred to retained earnings.

            Dividends are recognised in profit or loss when the group's right to receive the dividends is established.

Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    2021     2020
                                                                     R000     R000
Listed equity investments not held for trading *
Opening balance                                                     3 861    3 192
Translation difference                                                 954       90
Fair value gains
Closing balance                                                     9 266       579
                                                                   14 081    3 861
Unlisted equity investment not held for trading **
Opening balance                                                    29 754   22 598
Translation difference                                                 298   3 158
Fair value gains                                                             3 998
Closing balance                                                    14 584
                                                                   44 636   29 754
Total investments                                                  58 717   33 615

* The listed investments are investments in companies which are listed on the Zimbabwean Stock Exchange. They have no fixed
      maturity. These investments have been fair valued using the quoted closing market prices at 31 December 2021 which resulted
      in a net gain of R9,3 million (December 2020: net gain of R0,6 million) which was accounted for in other comprehensive
      income. These have been classified as Level 1 fair value measurements. Dividend income of R0,2 million (2020: R0,1 million) has
      been received on these investments in 2021.

** The unlisted equity investment represents a 10% interest in the equity of an entity registered in the United States of America. The
      entity operates within the dealer and distribution network of the heavy equipment industry. The group does not have access
      to future forecast information with regards to this entity and has used the market approach to estimate the fair value of its
      investment. In estimating the fair value, the group used an average price to book ratio of 2.25 (December 2020: 2.23) applied
      to the estimated net asset value of the entity as at 31 December 2021. The price to book ratio of 2.25 represents an average
      of observable price to book ratios of a number of listed entities within the heavy equipment industry. The price to book ratios
      were obtained from a reputable market database. The fair value measurement has been classified as a Level 3 measurement.
      For a 10% change in the price to book ratio, there would have been an equal impact on the fair value of the investment. The
      fair value gain of R14,6 million (2020: R4,0 million) was accounted for in other comprehensive income.

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                   41
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

11. INTEREST-BEARING RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS

    Accounting policy

    Interest-bearing receivables
    Recognition
    Interest-bearing receivables are classified as financial assets at amortised cost. Interest-bearing receivables are recognised at
    amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less allowance for expected credit losses. Cash flows from interest-bearing
    receivables are solely payments of principal and interest and the group's objective is to collect the contractual cash flows that
    arise from these assets.

    Impairment
    The group elected to apply the simplified approach in assessing the recoverability of interest-bearing receivables. Under the
    simplified approach the expected credit loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses. The
    group measures the allowance for expected credit losses for interest-bearing receivables on the same basis as described in the
    accounting policy for trade and other receivables under the heading `Impairment - trade receivables' (refer to note 14).

    The expected credit loss rates for the group's instalment sale agreements are detailed below:

                          South Africa

    · equipment           < 1%

    · parts and services  < 1%

    Derecognition
    The group derecognises interest-bearing receivables when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it
    transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another party. If the group retains
    substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the group continues to recognise the financial
    asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received (refer below and note 20.2).

    On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the
    consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss. On derecognition of a financial asset other than in its entirety,
    the group allocates the previous carrying amount between the part it continues to recognise under continuing involvement and the
    part it no longer recognises on the basis of the relative fair values on the date of the transfer. The difference between the carrying
    amount allocated to the part that is no longer recognised and the sum of the consideration received is recognised in profit or loss.

    Contract assets
    WesBank cash collateral
    The WesBank cash collateral relates to revenue transactions with credit risk undertakings. Refer to note 42.

    Service and repair work in progress
    Service and repair work in progress relates to revenue contracts with customers where the group has promised to service or repair
    a customer's machine and the group has not yet satisfied its performance obligation in terms of the contract. Job cards are
    maintained to keep track of labour, parts and other costs incurred by the group on a particular job and these costs are recognised
    as contract assets. Upon completion of the job, revenue is recognised at a point in time (refer to note 27.3.1) and the related
    contract asset is expensed to cost of sales.

    Impairment - service and repair work in progress
    At the end of the reporting period, the group reviews the carrying amounts of its service and repair work in progress for
    recoverability. An impairment loss is recognised in cost of sales to the extent that the carrying amount of the contract asset
    exceeds the amount of consideration the group expects to receive from the customer less any costs the group expects to incur in
    order to fulfil its performance obligation to the customer.

                                                                                                   Notes          2021       2020
                                                                                                                  R000       R000
                                                                                                     42.3
    Interest-bearing receivables                                                                     42.3         185 241    129 009
    Instalment sale agreements (i)                                                                                   3 877      3 947
    BBBEE shareholders loans (ii)
    Other interest-bearing assets (iii)                                                                            14 239     37 045
    Total interest-bearing receivables
                                                                                                                  203 357    170 001
    Contract assets
    WesBank cash collateral (iv)                                                                                    31 011     43 686
    Less: allowance for expected credit losses                                                                      (5 824)    (4 319)
                                                                                                                    25 187     39 367
    Service and repair work in progress (v)                                                                         40 205     28 276
    Total contract assets                                                                                           65 392     67 643
    Total interest-bearing receivables and contract assets                                                         268 749    237 644
    Less: current portion                                                                                         (218 328)  (147 060)
    Total long-term portion of interest-bearing receivables and contract assets                                     50 421     90 584

42  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

11. INTEREST-BEARING RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS continued

            (i)  Instalment sale agreements
                 Receivables from instalment sale agreements for the amount of R185,2 million (2020: R129,0 million) relate to equipment sold to
                 customers under a credit arrangement where the contract provides a significant financing benefit to the customer. Refer to the
                 group's accounting policy in note 27.1.6 for revenue recognition from instalment sale agreements.

                 The amounts are repayable in instalments by:                                 Average          2021           2020
                                                                                          interest rate        R000           R000
                 2021                                                                      per annum
                 2022                                                                                               -      88 198
                 2023                                                                               9,4%   147 873         40 811
                 2024                                                                              10,4%
                                                                                                   11,4%      5 721                -
                 Total                                                                                      31 647                 -
                 Less: current portion                                                              9,3%
                                                                                                           185 241        129 009
                 Long-term portion                                                                        (147 873)       (88 198)

                                                                                                            37 368         40 811

                 The following details an analysis of these instalment sale receivables:  Less than       One to two          Total
                                                                                          one year                years       R000
                 2021                                                                                              R000
                 Gross investment                                                               R000                      197 981
                 Less: unearned finance income                                                                            (12 740)
                 Present value of minimum payments                                        157 853         40 128          185 241
                                                                                            (9 980)       (2 760)
                 2020                                                                                                     140 171
                 Gross investment                                                         147 873         37 368          (11 162)
                 Less: unearned finance income                                                                            129 009
                 Present value of minimum payments                                        97 301          42 870
                                                                                          (9 103)         (2 059)

                                                                                          88 198          40 811

                 The average credit period on the above instalment sale receivable balances is 2 to 36 months. The instalment sale
                 agreements are largely secured by the financed equipment.

                 At 31 December 2021, an amount of approximately R51,4 million (2020: R66,6 million) included in instalment sale receivables
                 was outstanding from a single customer in South Africa. The balance was renegotiated in the prior year and the repayment
                 terms were extended. No allowance for expected credit loss was raised against this receivable as management assessed
                 that there is sufficient value in the financed machines to cover the outstanding debt.

                 Certain instalment sale receivables were discounted to a financial institution with recourse to the group. The liability to the
                 financial institution is disclosed in note 20.2.

                                                               BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  43
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

11. INTEREST-BEARING RECEIVABLES AND CONTRACT ASSETS continued                                      2021        2020
                                                                                                    R000        R000
            (ii) BBBEE shareholders loans
                      BBBEE shareholders loans                                                      3 877       3 947
                      Less: current portion                                                               -           -
                      Long-term portion
                                                                                                    3 877       3 947

    Refer to the BBBEE ownership transaction concluded in December 2019 described in note
    19.2 and transactions and balances with related parties reflected in note 39.

    (iii) Other interest-bearing assets                                                              14 239      37 045
             Other interest-bearing assets                                                          (14 239)    (24 487)
             Less: current portion
                                                                                                             -   12 558
             Long-term portion

    Other interest-bearing assets includes a cash-backed bond of R7,1 million (2020: R6,6 million)
    in respect of which the cash is restricted.

    (iv) WesBank cash collateral (refer to note 42.3)                                                25 187     39 367
             WesBank cash collateral                                                                (16 011)    (6 099)
             Less: current portion
                                                                                                      9 176     33 268
             Long-term portion

    The average interest rate for the year on the WesBank cash collateral was 3,5% (2020: 4,9%)
    per annum.

    (v) Service and repair work in progress                                                          40 205      28 276
             Service and repair work in progress                                                    (40 205)    (28 276)
             Less: current portion
                                                                                                             -           -
             Long-term portion

    Impairment losses recognised on contract assets relating to service and repair work in progress in the current period amounted to
    R2,7 million (2020: R1,8 million).

12. DEFERRED TAXATION

            Accounting policy

            Deferred taxation is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements
            and the corresponding taxation bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred taxation liabilities are generally
            recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred taxation assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
            taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred taxation assets and
            liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of assets and liabilities in a transaction
            that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

            The carrying amount of deferred taxation assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it
            is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

            Deferred taxation is calculated at the taxation rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the
            asset is realised. Deferred taxation is charged or credited to profit or loss, except when it relates to items recognised in other
            comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the deferred taxation is also recognised in other comprehensive
            income or directly in equity.

            The measurement of deferred taxation liabilities and assets reflects the taxation consequences that would follow from the manner
            in which the group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

            Deferred taxation assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off deferred taxation assets against
            deferred taxation liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the group intends to
            settle its current taxation assets and liabilities on a net basis.

44  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

12. DEFERRED TAXATION continued

The deferred taxation analysed by major category of temporary difference and the reconciliation of the movement in the deferred

taxation balance is as follows:

                                                   Deferred    Deferred                                Deferred    Deferred

                                                   taxation    taxation                                taxation    taxation

                                                   assets      liabilities                             assets in   liabilities

                                                   in group    in group                 Recognised     group       in group

                                                   companies companies                  in profit or companies companies

                                                   at beginning at beginning Translation loss for the  at end      at end

                                                   of the year of the year differences  year of the year of the year

                                                   R000        R000         R000        R000           R000                                         R000

2021                                                10 444         1 728         59      10 509         18 039         4 701
Accruals                                           (64 089)              -         -        (714)      (64 803)              -
Capitalised engineering development expenditure     86 095                                              81 355
Contract liabilities                                             10 046          12     (13 059)                       1 739
Excess taxation allowances over depreciation       (21 238)                                            (10 352)
charge                                              16 317      (27 997)         37      12 346              (49)   (26 500)
Finance lease receivables                                                -       13     (16 379)                             -
Production incentives                                       -                                              (982)
Leases                                              14 794      (11 300)           -     (4 338)        19 028      (14 656)
Other allowances, including allowances for future                  5 021           -      3 288                        4 075
expenditure on contracts                           (13 088)                                            (18 349)
Other provisions                                      5 500      (2 212)           -     (3 981)          4 228         (932)
Prepayments                                          (2 894)             -         -     (1 272)         (1 945)             -
Allowance for expected credit losses                 (6 864)                       -
Provision for inventory obsolescence                  5 628         (588)      222           941        14 165          (596)
Contract provision - warranty                                      9 582       330       11 264         11 218             39
Revaluation of properties                           37 851                       75                     32 037               -
Refund liabilities                                 (11 445)              -  (1 243)       5 260        (16 067)
Taxable losses (i)                                  20 275               -         -      2 499         13 221         8 388
Unrealised foreign currency gains and losses        67 814      (47 950)         34      (3 381)        89 463      (47 952)
Unrealised profit in inventory                                           -   1 255       (7 054)        18 574
                                                      6 466              -      (49)     21 615         42 814               -
Totals                                              69 622           988                  8 467                              -
                                                                         -     745      (26 759)       231 595       (1 398)
2020                                               221 188                                                                   -
Accruals                                                       (62 682)                    (748)
Capitalised engineering development expenditure                                                                    (73 092)
Contract liabilities
Excess taxation allowances over depreciation          5 139      9 785        62         (2 814)        10 444       1 728
charge                                                      -  (78 894)          -       14 805        (64 089)             -
Finance lease receivables                                       55 923                   12 914         86 095
Production incentives                               27 249                    55                                    10 046
Leases                                                         (29 730)                   6 590        (21 238)
Other allowances, including allowances for future  (26 024)     (8 221)      (71)       (26 509)        16 317     (27 997)
expenditure on contracts                            51 122                   (75)                                           -
Other provisions                                               (17 670)                   6 370                 -
Prepayments                                                 -   (7 130)          -       18 768         14 794     (11 300)
Allowance for expected credit losses                  8 177                      -                                   5 021
Provision for inventory obsolescence                            (3 653)                  (7 597)       (13 088)
Contract provision - warranty                        (4 050)    20 887           -      (23 965)          5 500     (2 212)
Revaluation of properties                             8 571     (2 221)         7                        (2 894)            -
Refund liabilities                                     (560)    15 565         (5)          (696)        (6 864)
Taxable losses (i)                                 (10 352)                  159         (2 654)          5 628        (588)
Unrealised foreign currency gains and losses          3 317      4 860       661         (3 210)                     9 582
Unrealised profit in inventory                      21 861      13 926          -         2 064         37 851
                                                     (1 603)   (56 583)      284         (1 493)       (11 445)             -
Totals                                                                          -        20 275         20 275              -
                                                            -           -   (707)        68 521         67 814     (47 950)
                                                            -           -   (355)         4 504                             -
                                                      1 150      2 155       173        (16 404)          6 466             -
                                                    85 853              -                               69 622          988
                                                                             188         69 469                             -
                                                   169 850     (81 001)                                221 188
                                                                                                                   (62 682)

            (i) Taxable losses include an amount of R87,2 million (2020: R57,2 million) relating to losses incurred in the group's subsidiary Bell
                  Equipment Group Services Proprietary Limited (BEGS). BEGS has an accumulated tax loss of R311,3 million (2020: R204,3 million).
                  Management is of the view that the deferred taxation asset raised on the taxable loss, which does not expire in the future, is
                  recoverable. Based on management's forecasts, BEGS is expected to utilise its tax loss from 2023.

 Further information on the group's estimated taxation losses is set out in note 31.1.

                                                   BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021       45
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

13. INVENTORY

            Accounting policy

            Inventory is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is generally determined on the following bases:

            Merchandise spares, components and raw materials are valued on the weighted average cost basis. Finished goods purchased
            from third parties, manufactured finished goods, work-in-progress and components used in the manufacturing process are stated
            on a standard cost basis which approximates actual. Finished goods, work-in-progress and manufactured components include the
            cost of direct materials, and where applicable, direct labour costs and those overheads that have been incurred in bringing the
            inventories to their present location and condition.

            Redundant and slow-moving inventory is identified and written down with regard to their estimated economic or realisable values.
            The determination of recoverable value of the inventory requires management to exercise considerable judgement and takes into
            account current market conditions, expected selling prices and model changes.

            The group accounting policy for equipment that is rented out under short-term rentals classified as inventory is included in note 7.

                                                               Notes  2021       2020
                                                                      R000       R000

    Finished goods                                                    367 447    640 855
    - manufactured
    - third party                                                     273 026    378 696
    - used
    Merchandise spares, components and raw materials                  238 058    295 568
    Work-in-progress
    WesBank right-of-recovery asset                                   2 310 659  1 898 054

    Total inventory                                                   417 590    381 990

                                                               42.3   17 672                                                             -

                                                                      3 624 452  3 595 163

    Total inventory expensed, included in cost of sales, amounts to R5 969,8 million (2020: R4 979,8 million).

    Inventory includes machines on short-term rental with a carrying value of R44,2 million (2020: R87,3 million). The group recognised
    R36,3 million (2020: R18,0 million) in cost of sales in respect of write-downs of machines on short-term rentals.

    Refer to note 5.2.1 for impairment considerations of inventory.

46  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

Accounting policy

Recognition
Trade and other receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments. Trade and other receivables
are recognised at amortised cost, less allowance for expected credit losses. The group's business objective is to collect
contractual cash flows from trade and other receivables. Cash flows that arise from trade and other receivables are solely
payments of principal and interest. Trade and other receivables are classified as financial assets at amortised cost.

Impairment - trade receivables
In assessing the recoverability of trade receivable balances, the simplified approach was applied to the specific and general
allowances as described below, as there is no significant financing component in the revenue transactions associated with
these balances. Under the simplified approach the expected credit loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime
expected credit losses. The impact of the time value of money on the allowance for expected credit losses was considered to be
insignificant as the majority of trade receivable balances are current. Refer to note 38.3 for further analysis of the group's trade
receivable balances.

The assessment of the allowance for expected credit losses on customer balances is dependent on estimates and assumptions
regarding past dues, repossession rates and the recovery rate on underlying collateral. Assumptions are also made concerning
the future, as described below, and these may cause a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets within the next
financial year. The group measures the allowance for expected credit losses as follows:

            a)  Specific allowance
                The group reviews each customer balance to assess it for a specific allowance. In instances where customers have exceeded
                approved credit terms, where the customer is in default with no specific arrangement to rectify the position by entering into
                a repayment plan with the group, where the terms of a repayment plan have not been complied with and where there
                are other indicators that the customer is unlikely to pay, such as where a customer has gone into business rescue, the group
                assesses the financial condition of the customer and the value of the underlying securities. In its assessment, the group uses
                forward-looking information as well as macroeconomic information in the determination of expected credit losses.

 In considering the customer's ability to pay, the group considers the customer's ability to use the asset to generate revenue
                  and cash. Industry factors that could potentially impact the customer's ability to generate revenue and cash are also
                  factored in. The following specific factors, inputs, assumptions, macroeconomic and forward-looking information were used to
                  assess the recoverability of trade receivables:

 · anticipated future revenue generating contracts
 · anticipated funding arrangements the customer has with financial institutions or government
 · the market sector the customer operates the equipment in
 · the customer's experience on similar contracts
 · the customer's cash flow projections. In considering the customer's cash flow projections, an analysis of the

                             assumptions and values used by the customer in determining the cash flows is done. Industry factors that could
                             potentially affect the customer's anticipated future cash flows are also considered
 · other macroeconomic factors such as unemployment rates, potential labour strikes, political and community unrests
                             with regards to the mining or construction sites where the equipment is used
 · in respect of customers operating in the mining industry, the group considered commodity prices, the stability of mining
                             operations and the consistency of production volumes at the mine site at which the customer operates
 · security provided by the customer including personal guarantees and cessions of other unencumbered moveable
                             assets owned by the customer
 · past payment history

                In determining the allowance for expected credit losses, the group also considered estimations of the value of any security,
                in the form of the financed equipment, the estimated costs of preparing the equipment for re-sale and the group's ability to
                repossess the equipment.

b) General allowance
      For receivable balances where no specific allowance was raised, a collective assessment is made. Expected credit losses
      are calculated by fragmenting trade receivables into shared risk characteristics such as geographical area (by country),
      collateral type and transaction type (equipment versus parts and services), taking into account forward-looking information
      and applying a historical loss ratio to the outstanding balance per fragment at each period end. Determining the categories
      used in fragmentation that reflect the risks of default and loss, requires judgement.

                Actual historical losses, which take any collateral into account, are tracked per fragment and the loss ratio is calculated as
                a percentage of fragmented revenue over a rolling 24 month period and is used to forecast future losses. Where significant,
                adjustments are made for current and forecast conditions such as unemployment rates and commodity prices.

                The expected credit loss rates for the group's trade receivables are detailed below:

                                      South Africa  Europe                                            Rest of Africa
                                                                                                            < 1%
                · equipment           < 1%          < 1%                                                    < 1%

                · parts and services  < 1%          < 1%

                                      BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                       47
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES continued

            Accounting policy continued
            Impairment - trade receivables continued
            b) General allowance continued

 There has been no change in the approach or techniques used by the group during the current reporting period in assessing
                  the allowance for expected credit losses.

                  The group writes off any amounts where the likelihood of recovery is remote and where legal means of recovery has failed.
                  Amounts written off by the group during the reporting period in this regard are disclosed in note 28.

                  The carrying amount of trade receivables is reduced by the allowance for expected credit losses. Subsequent recoveries
                  of amounts previously provided for are credited against the allowance account. Changes in the carrying amount of the
                  allowance account are recognised in profit or loss.

            Impairment - production incentives receivable
            The group participates in The Automotive Production Development Programme (APDP) in South Africa which allows the group to
            claim a government incentive in the form of production rebates on qualifying manufactured components which are sold as part
            of a completed product. The production rebates are in the form of duty credits which can be used to offset South African import
            duties. The group sells the production rebate certificates earned under the programme to third parties.

            The receivable below represents the production rebate certificates the group has earned through qualifying production of
            components and which the group intends to sell to third parties. APDP claims are submitted quarterly in arrears and the payment
            terms to the third party for the sale of the certificates are 30 days on average and an invoice is considered past due if it remains
            unpaid after expiry of the payment terms.

            The group assesses the impairment of the asset as follows:
            · the group determines if there is a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. An indicator that the credit risk has

                  increased significantly is when there are excess certificates available in the market and delays are experienced in finding
                  buyers. Where credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition the group assesses the asset for lifetime expected
                  credit losses.
            · in assessing the expected credit loss of the asset, the group takes into account forward-looking factors such as future support
                  from government for local manufacturing, the outlook on market demand for new vehicle sales in South Africa, the level of
                  imports by motor vehicle manufacturers and potential changes to APDP legislation.
            · where there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition and the market demand for production rebate
                  certificates is high, the group considers the probability of expected credit losses to be low and no impairment is made.

            Derecognition
            The group applies the same accounting policy and derecognition principles as described in note 11 under interest-bearing
            receivables, to trade and other receivables.

    Amounts receivable from the sale of goods and services *                                                     2021       2020
    Allowance for expected credit losses (refer note 38.3)                                                       R000       R000

    Sundry debtors                                                                                           884 987    725 666
    APDP - production incentives receivable **                                                                (47 283)  (34 604)
    Value added taxation receivable
                                                                                                             837 704    691 062
    Total trade and other receivables                                                                          46 863    34 011
                                                                                                               55 847    57 860
                                                                                                               82 708
                                                                                                                        101 213
                                                                                                           1 023 122
                                                                                                                        884 146

    *   Included above are reimbursement assets of R7,1 million (2020: R8,5 million). Refer to note 24.1.

    **  At the end of the year, the total allowance for expected credit losses was assessed to be Rnil (2020: Rnil). No amounts were

        past due and there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.

    Further information regarding the group's credit risk management is set out in note 38.3.

48      BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

15. OTHER ASSETS

            Accounting policy

            Prepayments
            Prepayments include upfront payments made by the group in advance for goods or services being received and are carried
            at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Prepayments are classified as current because they relate to the purchase of
            inventories and other goods and services and are expected to be realised within 12 months of the reporting date.

Prepayments                                                                                 2021                            2020
Prepayments - inventory                                                                     R000                            R000
Prepayments - other
Financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss                             30 411                                  -
Forward foreign exchange contracts (Level 2) *                                            33 601                          22 774

Total other assets                                                                        14 546                          10 231
                                                                                          78 558                          33 005

*  Further details on the group's exposure to currency risk is disclosed in note 38.4.1.

16. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

            Accounting policy

            Cash and bank balances are recognised at amortised cost. The group's objective is to collect contractual cash flows relating to
            cash and bank balances. Any cash flows from cash and bank balances are solely payments of principal and interest.

Cash on hand and cash bank balances                                                       156 332                         82 751

17. STATED CAPITAL

Authorised                                                                                235 541                         235 541
100 000 000 (2020: 100 000 000) ordinary shares of no par value
Issued
95 629 385 (2020: 95 629 385) ordinary shares of no par value

Five million ordinary shares were reserved for the group's equity-settled employee share option scheme. At 31 December 2021, the
company had granted options in terms of this scheme to executive directors and employees to subscribe for 372 000 (2020: 1 047
000) shares in the company as set out in note 33.1.

Authorised but unissued shares in the company, limited to 5% of the number of ordinary shares in issue, in addition to the ordinary
shares reserved for the employee share option scheme, are under the control and authority of the directors until the next annual
general meeting of shareholders.

                                                               BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                  49
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

18.  NON-DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

                                                                            Net surplus                    Reserve for
                                                                           arising from
                                                                           revaluation                     fair value      Foreign
                                                                            of freehold
                                                                                                           gains currency                  BBBEE        Equity-
                                                                              land and                                                    share-         settled
                                                                              buildings       Statutory    (losses) translation           based     employee
                                                                                               reserves                                payment         benefits
                                                                                      (a)    of foreign    on equity       reserve       reserve        reserve
                                                                                    R000   subsidiaries
                                                                                                           invest- of foreign                  (e)             (f)
                                                                                                      (b)                                   R000           R000
                                                                                                   R000    ments subsidiaries

                                                                                                           (c)             (d)                                      Total
                                                                                                                                                                    R000
                                                                                                           R000            R000

     Balance at 31 December 2019                    132 410                                25 252          19 128 450 245              84 515       15 711 727 261

     Other comprehensive (loss) income              (115)                                  3 003           3 611 156 406                     -      - 162 905

     - exchange differences on translating foreign      5                                  3 003           3 611           156 406           -      - 163 025
       operations                                   (120)                                        -               -                  -        -
                                                                                                                                                    -               (120)
     - loss on revaluation of properties                 -                                       -                                           -
                                                         -                                   550                        -  -                 -      (7 538)         (7 538)
     Decrease in equity-settled employee benefits        -                                                                                   -
     reserve                                             -                                       -                      -  -           3 600               -           550
     Increase in statutory reserves of foreign                                                   -
     subsidiaries                                                                                          4 577           -                               -         4 577
     Fair value gain through other comprehensive                                                                                                           -         3 600
     income                                                                                                             -  -
     BBBEE shareholders' loans

     Balance at 31 December 2020                    132 295                                28 805          27 316 606 651              88 115       8 173 891 355

     Other comprehensive income (loss)              -                                      524             (120) 39 624                -            -               40 028

     - exchange differences on translating foreign  -                                      524             (120) 39 624                -            -               40 028
     operations
                                                    -                                      -               -               -           -            (4 581) (4 581)
     Decrease in equity-settled employee benefits
     reserve                                        -                                      (9 979)         -               -           -            -               (9 979)

     Decrease in statutory reserves of foreign      -                                      -               23 850          -           -            -               23 850
     subsidiaries

     Fair value gain through other comprehensive
     income

     Balance at 31 December 2021                    132 295                                19 350          51 046 646 275              88 115       3 592 940 673

     (a) This reserve is in respect of gains and losses that arise from the revaluations of freehold land and buildings and that have not
             been previously recognised in profit or loss as described in the group's accounting policy for property, plant and equipment
             (refer to note 7). Upon disposal of a revalued property, the related net revaluation surplus or loss accumulated in this reserve
             is not reclassified to profit or loss but is transferred directly to retained earnings.

     (b) Certain foreign subsidiaries are required in terms of local legislation to set aside a portion of their retained earnings in a non-
             distributable reserve. This has been presented as statutory reserves above.

     (c) The balance in this reserve relates to gains and losses that arise from changes in the fair value of investments designated as
             at fair value through other comprehensive income. Refer to note 10. Upon disposal of the investment, the related balance in
             the reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss but is transferred directly to retained earnings.

     (d) Exchange differences that arise as a result of translating the results and financial position of group entities that have
             a functional currency different from the presentation currency, are accumulated in this reserve. Refer to the group's
             accounting policy as described in note 2.2.1. Upon the disposal or discontinuation of the foreign operation, the relevant
             amounts are reclassified to profit or loss through other comprehensive income.

     (e) The group has entered into BBBEE ownership transactions for BESSA and BECSA as described in note 19. The reserve represents
             the BBBEE shareholders' loans issued and the fair value of the share-based payment charges recognised in respect of these
             transactions as required by IFRS 2 Share-based Payments.

     (f) The fair value of equity instruments granted to employees is recognised in equity as required by IFRS 2 Share-based Payments.
             The balance represents the fair value of outstanding employee share options as described in note 33.1.

50   BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

19. NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST

Non-controlling interest at end of the year                                                         2021                2020
                                                                                                    R000                R000

                                                                                                  24 062              16 566

The non-controlling interest comprised the 22,5% interest of the BESSA BEE SPV in BESSA. This relates to the BBBEE ownership
transaction concluded in 2017 as described in note 19.1. Summarised financial information about BESSA is disclosed in note 41.2.

            19.1 BBBEE ownership transaction concluded in 2017 - BESSA
 The BESSA BEE SPV and a broad based trust controlled by the group, acquired 22,5% and 7,5% respectively of the issued

                     share capital of BESSA during 2017.

  19.1.1  The BESSA BEE SPV
          The BESSA BEE SPV is 100% owned by the selected BBBEE partner through a company named Sibi Capital Proprietary
          Limited (Sibi). Sibi, whose ultimate shareholders are Sindisiwe Mabaso-Koyana and Bharti Harie, is 100% black
          women owned.

          There is a lock-in period of 10 years during which the BESSA BEE SPV is precluded from carrying out certain activities
          without the prior written consent of the company. The BESSA BEE SPV may not during the lock-in period effect any
          transaction that will affect its shareholding in BESSA or its BBBEE credentials through Sibi. Sibi is required to remain a
          black women owned entity and to maintain its BBBEE status at all times whilst a shareholder of the BESSA BEE SPV.

          At the end of the 10 year period, the BESSA BEE SPV may sell its shares subject to pre-emptive rights in favour of the

          company. If the company does not elect to acquire such shares, the BESSA BEE SPV may transfer such shares to

          eligible third parties who have an equal or greater BBBEE status. The company also has a call option to acquire the

          BBBEE shareholders' shares in BESSA after 5 years or at any time if:

          ·  the BBBEE legislation is amended with a retrospective adverse effect for the group;

          ·  BESSA loses its BBBEE status as a 30% black women owned entity;

          ·  an offer is made by a third party to acquire at least 30% of the shares in the company held by a single

             shareholder and its related parties.

          The amount payable for the shares shall be the designated value as per the agreement less a 10% discount.

          The group has control over the BESSA BEE SPV in terms of its relevant activities and the results of the BESSA BEE SPV
          have therefore been consolidated (refer to note 41).

 19.1.2   The broad based trust
          The broad based trust is known as the Bell Equipment Foundation (BEF) and the beneficiaries of the trust are black
          women. The objectives of the trust are to acquire and hold investments and use trust income to support black
          women in South African communities by financially assisting them with their education or their businesses. The group
          has control over the trust in terms of its relevant activities and trustees and the results of the trust have therefore
          been consolidated (refer to note 41).

19.2 BBBEE ownership transaction concluded in December 2019 - BECSA and BESSA
        In December 2019 another BBBEE transaction was concluded in terms of which the group's manufacturing subsidiary, BECSA,
        and the group's sales and aftermarket support operation in South Africa, BESSA, both became 51% black people owned
        companies with effect from 1 January 2020.

  The BEE shareholders in this BEE transaction are the following:

  ·       key black executives in the group; and

  ·       the existing BESSA BEE shareholders, BESSA BEE SPV (refer to note 19.1.1), as well as BEF the beneficiaries of which are

          black women (refer to note 19.1.2).

  No non-controlling interest was recognised in respect of the BBBEE ownership transaction concluded in 2019 due to the
  fact that the BBBEE parties are required to sell their shareholding to the company at the end of the 10 year lock-in period in
  exchange for cash, shares in the company or another group entity or a combination of shares and cash, at the company's
  discretion. The BBBEE parties were effectively granted an option to acquire Bell shares and as such no non-controlling
  interest was recognised.

  19.2.1  Structure of BEE shareholding
          A BEE management company (BEE Manco) was incorporated, the shareholders of which are BEE employees at
          management level of the group, being Avishkar Goordeen, Dominic Chinnappen, Niraj Andhee and Bruce Ndlela
          (the Managers). The group has control over BEE Manco in terms of its relevant activities and the results of BEE
          Manco have therefore been consolidated (refer to note 41).

          Effective 51% black ownership in BECSA
          BESSA BEE SPV, BEF and BEE Manco collectively hold 30% of the issued ordinary shares of BECSA Holdings, resulting
          in an effective 30% shareholding in BECSA. In addition, BEE Manco has an effective 21% shareholding in BECSA
          through its 30% shareholding in BHL.

 Effective 51% black ownership in BESSA

          BEE Manco has an effective 21% shareholding in BESSA through its 30% shareholding in BHL. In addition, BESSA BEE

          SPV and BEF collectively hold 30% of the issued ordinary shares in BESSA from the 2017 BEE transaction.

                                                   BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021            51
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

20. INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES

            Accounting policy

            Interest-bearing liabilities are measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method. Interest expenses are
            recognised in profit or loss.

            Derecognition
            The group derecognises interest-bearing liabilities when the group's obligations are discharged, cancelled or they expire. The
            difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is
            recognised in profit or loss.

    20.1 Mortgage loans and other term loans
            Mortgage loans and other terms loans relating to the purchase of certain freehold land and buildings, plant and equipment
            and vehicles are detailed below.

    Secured                                                                             Average    2021                                     2020
                                                                               variable / fixed    R000                                     R000
                                                                               rate of interest

                                                                                    per annum

    Long-term mortgage loans and other term loans from financial institutions         7,6%            1 165     2 807
    repayable in instalments by:                                                      6,5%            6 541     9 507
    August 2022 (i)                                                                   1,7%          23 140    31 877
    December 2023 (ii)                                                                2,8%            1 113
    August 2024 (i) *                                                                 1,7%          35 083             -
    May 2028 (i) *                                                                    1,8%          37 926    38 776
    September 2031 (iii) *                                                            1,7%          99 113    41 502
    November 2032 (iv) *                                                                                     107 411
    August 2033 (v) *                                                                              204 081
                                                                                                   (28 243)  231 880
    Less: current portion                                                                                    (28 402)
                                                                                                   175 838
    Long-term portion                                                                                        203 478

    *  Fixed rate of interest.

    The following properties, plant and equipment and vehicles at net book value are encumbered as security for the secured
    borrowings above:
    (i) plant and equipment and vehicles in Germany, South Africa, Australia and the USA R38,9 million (2020: R44,6 million)
    (ii) freehold land and buildings in Middelburg, South Africa R38,4 million (2020: R39,1 million)
    (iii) freehold land and buildings in Alsfeld, Germany R79,5 million (2020: R82,2 million)
    (iv) freehold land and buildings in Kindel, Germany R64,2 million (2020: R65,9 million)
    (v) buildings in Kindel, Germany R155,3 million (2020: R160,8 million)

    20.2 Collateralised borrowings

       Accounting policy

 Discounted instalment sale agreements

       Discounted instalment sale agreements represent amounts payable to financial institutions where certain instalment sale

       agreements have been discounted with recourse to the group. Refer to note 11.

    Collateralised borrowings - secured                                                Average         -      11 053
    Discounted finance lease receivables and short-term rentals                         variable    841       41 034
    Discounted instalment sale agreements                                      rate of interest               29 640
    Rental assets sold and leased back                                             per annum           -
                                                                                                              81 727
    Less: current portion                                                                    9,8%   841      (80 886)
    Long-term portion                                                                      10,2%   (841)
                                                                                           12,0%                  841
                                                                                                       -

52  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

20. INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES continued                                                        Average          2021         2020
                                                                                                   variable        R000         R000
            20.3 Trade loans                                                              rate of interest
 Trade loans comprise the following:                                                          per annum        173 722      433 630
                                                                                                                        -      4 458
                     Unsecured                                                                          9,2%
                     Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) of South Africa *                                173 722      438 088
                     Government funding program - Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan              0,01%   (173 722)    (438 088)

Less: current portion                                                                                                   -             -
Long-term portion

Total current portion of interest-bearing liabilities                                                         202 806      547 376
Total long-term portion of interest-bearing liabilities                                                       175 838      204 319

* Refer to note 38.2 for further information on the IDC trade loan.
The directors have unlimited borrowing powers in terms of the Memorandum of Incorporation of the company.

                                                         BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021         53
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

21. LEASE LIABILITIES

            Accounting policy

            The group as lessee
            Lease liabilities relate to lease arrangements in which the group is the lessee. Refer to note 8 for the corresponding right-of-use
            assets in respect of these liabilities.

            The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments over the lease term due to the lessor that are not
            paid at the commencement date, discounted by using the rate implicit in the lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined, the
            group uses its incremental borrowing rate. The group generally uses its incremental borrowing rate as discount rate.

            Subsequent to initial measurement, the lease liability is reduced to reflect lease payments made.

            Lease payments
            Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise of fixed payments and variable lease payments
            based on an index or rate. Lease payments are allocated between principal and interest expense. The interest expense is
            charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of
            the liability for each period.

            Lease term
            The lease term included in the measurement of the lease liability is the non-cancellable period of the lease and any option
            to extend the lease or purchase the asset and any option to terminate the lease. This requires judgement. In determining the
            lease term, the group considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an extension option.
            Renewal options are only included in the lease term if the group has an enforceable right to renew the contract, the renewal
            period and renewal lease payments are stipulated in the contract and the group has the intention to exercise the option. At the
            lease commencement date, the group applies judgement in assessing whether it is reasonably likely that the group will exercise
            the option. Factors considered include how far in the future an option occurs, the group's planning cycle and past history of not
            renewing leases.

            Leases that are short-term in nature or leases where the assets are of low value are accounted for as lease expenses in profit or loss
            on a straight-line basis. The group applies judgement in determining what comprises a low value lease taking into consideration
            the cost price of the underlying assets and materiality.

            Incremental borrowing rate
            The incremental borrowing rate is the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
            similar value in a similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions. In determining the incremental borrowing rate,
            the group considers the terms and conditions of the lease and applies judgement. The incremental borrowing rate is determined
            by using a benchmark rate, which is a readily observable rate influenced by the economic environment and lease term,
            adjusted for a credit spread which is based on publicly available spreads which takes into account the level of indebtedness and
            profitability of the lessee based on secure borrowings. The benchmark rate, using the Damodaran approach, is the risk-free rate.

54  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

21. LEASE LIABILITIES continued                                                                   2021        2020
                                                                                                  R000        R000
            Lease liabilities at beginning of the year
            Translation differences                                                           332 216    210 896
            Lease modifications and new lease contracts entered into *                           5 279      3 376
            Lease contracts ended
            Interest expense on lease liabilities                                              24 234    174 361
            Lease liabilities repaid                                                              (672)    (1 577)
                                                                                                          36 490
            Less: current portion                                                              37 034
            Long-term portion                                                                 (88 560)   (91 330)

                                                                                              309 531    332 216
                                                                                              (42 800)   (49 673)

                                                                                              266 731    282 543

* Lease modifications in the prior year include the extension of the property lease relating to the group's customer service and
      logistics centre premises in Jet Park, Johannesburg for a further 12 year period for an amount of R158,3 million. Refer to note 8.

The breakdown of lease payments is as follows:                                                81 296     82 087
Fixed lease payments                                                                           7 264      9 243
Variable lease payments
Total                                                                                         88 560     91 330

Total cash outflows for leases amount to R107,2 million (2020: R108,6 million) for the year.

Below sets out the undiscounted contractual maturities of lease liabilities:                   72 993     81 027
Less than 1 year                                                                               59 345     61 301
Between 1 and 2 years                                                                          56 934     52 094
Between 2 and 3 years                                                                          51 793     49 041
Between 3 and 4 years                                                                          48 563     49 803
Between 4 and 5 years                                                                         218 516    266 491
Over 5 years
                                                                                              508 144    559 757
Total contractual cash flows

The group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regards to its lease liabilities.

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                                                55
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

22. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

            Accounting policy

            Contract liabilities arise out of revenue contracts with customers. The group accounting policy for revenue and contract liabilities is
            included in notes 27.1.2, 27.3.1 and 27.4.

    22.1 Advance receipts from customers                                      2021       2020
             Balance at beginning of the year                                 R000       R000
             Translation difference
             Amounts received in advance for delivery of finished goods    52 041      29 151
             Revenue recognised during the year                                 428    (1 741)
                                                                                       59 049
             Less: current portion                                        135 260     (34 418)
             Long-term portion                                           (118 882)
                                                                                       52 041
                                                                           68 847     (52 041)
                                                                          (68 847)
                                                                                               -
                                                                                   -

    An amount of R52,0 million (2020: R29,2 million) included in the opening balance was recognised as revenue in the current
    period.

    22.2 Deferred warranty income                                        141 539      138 762
             Balance at beginning of the year                                     -     (9 087)
             Less: allocation to deferred finance income liability                     70 597
             Extended warranty contracts sold during the year             77 284
             Revenue recognised during the year                          (69 388)     (58 733)

             Less: current portion                                       149 435      141 539
             Long-term portion                                           (90 274)     (66 203)

                                                                          59 161       75 336

    Deferred warranty income relates to extended warranty contracts sold. The extended warranty contract periods
    commence after expiry of the standard warranty period provided for in the standard conditions of sale of equipment and
    the liability is in respect of this extended period. Revenue on the long-term portion is expected to be recognised over a
    period of two to five years. An amount of R62,3 million (2020: R54,0 million) included in the opening balance was recognised
    as revenue in the current period.

    22.3 Deferred service contract revenue                                81 701       64 404
             Balance at beginning of the year                                 371          247
             Translation difference
             Service contracts sold during the year                       65 205       70 962
             Costs in excess of contract value                             2 664        1 059
             Expired during the year
             Utilised during the year                                    (25 214)     (11 286)

             Less: current portion                                       (62 641)     (43 685)
             Long-term portion
                                                                          62 086       81 701
                                                                         (48 727)     (59 521)

                                                                          13 359       22 180

    Deferred service contract income relates to service contracts sold where the proceeds were received upfront. The deferred
    service contract revenue is recognised when the services have been rendered. Where a deferred service contract has
    expired, the remaining contract balance is recognised as revenue upon expiry. Revenue on the long-term portion is
    expected to be recognised over a period of two to four years.

56  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

22. CONTRACT LIABILITIES continued                                                   2021                      2020
                                                                                     R000                      R000
            22.4 Deferred finance income liability                                 60 109                    40 923
                     Balance at beginning of the year                                                         9 087
                     Add: allocation from deferred warranty income                         -
                     Deferred finance income from:                                                           30 019
                     - Extended warranty contracts sold                            30 373                     4 330
                     - Service contracts sold                                       5 577
                     Less: deferred finance income recognised in interest income                            (18 534)
                     - Extended warranty contracts                                (24 622)                   (5 716)
                     - Service contracts                                           (9 616)                   60 109
                                                                                   61 821
                     Less: current portion                                                                  (31 797)
                     Long-term portion                                            (35 984)                   28 312
                                                                                   25 837

The deferred finance income liability relates to the finance component on extended warranty contracts and service
contracts sold (notes 22.2 and 22.3 above) with contract terms exceeding 12 months. The average discount rate applied to
extended warranty contracts was 10,5% (2020: 10,5%) and 10,0% (2020: 10,0%) on service contracts.

Total current portion of contract liabilities                                     243 832                   209 562
Total long-term portion of contract liabilities                                    98 357                   125 828

                                                 BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  57
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

23. REFUND LIABILITIES

            23.1 Transactions with residual value undertakings

                        Accounting policy

                        Transactions with residual value undertakings are in respect of revenue transactions as described in the group's
                        accounting policy for revenue in note 27.1.5. The group has an obligation to pay cash in terms of its contract with the
                        financial institution.

    Refund liabilities relating to residual value risk - De Lage Landen International     2021        2020
    Balance at beginning of the year                                                      R000        R000
    (Decrease) increase during the year
    Payments made during the year                                                       72 411              -
    Translation difference                                                             (35 625)     81 707
                                                                                       (17 479)    (11 345)
    Less: current portion
    Long-term portion                                                                    4 408       2 049

                                                                                        23 715      72 411
                                                                                       (11 729)    (18 103)

                                                                                        11 986      54 308

    In terms of an agreement between the group and a financial institution, De Lage Landen International, lease agreements
    with guaranteed residual values have been offered by the financial institution to the group's customers in certain countries.
    The liability represents the difference between the market values expected to be realised on the return of the machines at
    the end of the lease periods and the residual values guaranteed to the financial institution. This liability is carried at amortised
    cost and the decrease in the current year has been credited to revenue.

    Management has exercised judgement in assessing these expected market values, the expected timing of the return of
    machines and the rate of 4,4% per annum used to discount the expected future cash outflows to settle the obligation. The
    estimated market values were based on sales of similar machines in the US market and the expected timing was based on
    the lease agreement expiry dates and the group's remarketing period. The discount rate of 4,4% was based on an average
    of:
    a) the interquartile range of arm's length fixed rate equivalent interest rates for USD denominated loans being 2,45% to

             6,69%; and
    b) the average yield of BB and B rated bonds being between 2,94% to 5,35%, based on USD fair value yield curves.

    23.2 Refund liabilities relating to right-to-return parts                           22 493      9 297
             Right-to-return liability                                                 (22 493)    (9 297)
             Less: current portion
             Long-term portion                                                                  -         -

    23.3 Refund liabilities relating to the financing venture with WesBank             17 471                                                    -

             WesBank refund liability (refer to note 42.3)                             (17 471)                                                  -
             Less: current portion
             Long-term portion                                                         -                                                         -

    Total current portion of refund liabilities                                        51 693      27 400
    Total long-term portion of refund liabilities                                      11 986      54 308

58  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

24. PROVISIONS

Accounting policy

Contract provision - standard warranty
The contract provision for standard warranty includes provisions for manufactured equipment and third party equipment and
represents the discounted value of the directors' best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the group's obligations.
Assumptions made regarding the timing and value of future warranty costs may have a significant risk of causing a material
adjustment to the carrying amount of the provision within the next financial year.

             24.1  Manufactured equipment
                   As part of the standard conditions of sale, the group provides a standard warranty on manufactured equipment sold to
                   the customer. In terms of the warranty policy the group undertakes to make good any defects for an average period of
                   12 months. At the time of the sale, the group raises a provision for the estimated expenditure required to settle the group's
                   obligation based on past experience of the timing and value of this cost, which in certain circumstances extends beyond
                   the 12 month period contained in the group's standard warranty policy. The group also raises a provision for warranty
             24.2  campaigns, at the time that a decision is made to launch a warranty campaign, based on the number of machines
                   to be included in the campaign and the estimated expenditure required to be spent on each machine to rectify the
                   particular defect.

                   The group has the right to recover certain warranty costs incurred on manufactured equipment from the group's
                   component suppliers. The group recognises the reimbursement asset only when it is virtually certain that reimbursement
                   will be received from the component supplier. In the group's judgement, the group's right to reimbursement is assessed
                   as virtually certain when the group receives a valid warranty claim against the standard warranty policy from a customer
                   and this is recognised as a financial asset under trade and other receivables. The amount included under trade and
                   other receivables as at 31 December 2021 amounts to R7,1 million (2020: R8,5 million) as disclosed in note 14. Prior to the
                   receipt of claims from customers, no reimbursement asset is recognised on the statement of financial position and the
                   group only has a contingent asset which has been disclosed in note 34.1.1.

                   Based on the group's judgement, the obligation for warranty costs on manufactured equipment remains with the group
                   and as a result, the provision for standard warranty costs on manufactured equipment has been recognised on a gross
                   basis, without a reduction in the provision for the amounts expected to be recovered from third-party component
                   suppliers as described above.

                   Third-party equipment
                   Third-party equipment sold to customers includes a standard warranty from third-party suppliers and in terms of the
                   agreements with these suppliers, the group is obligated to carry out warranty campaigns from time to time and to
                   perform warranty repairs and warranty services to customers on behalf of the suppliers. Warranty costs incurred on third-
                   party equipment is submitted to third-party suppliers for reimbursement. A portion of these costs is sometimes rejected by
                   the suppliers and this rejected portion is carried by the group.

                   Significant judgement is applied in assessing the group's obligation in terms of these warranty claims. Based on an
                   assessment of the legal arrangements the group has with third-party equipment suppliers, the group concludes that it
                   only acts as an agent on behalf of certain suppliers but in some cases it acts as principal.

Balance at 31 December 2019                Contract provision              Other                          Total
Increase during the year                  - standard warranty         provisions                          R000
Utilised during the year
Translation differences                                         R000         R000                     122 494
Balance at 31 December 2020                                                                           152 765
Less: current portion                                      122 494                 -                 (136 429)
                                                           151 875            890
Long-term provisions at 31 December 2020                  (136 429)                                      1 602
                                                                                   -                  140 432
Balance at 31 December 2020                                    1 602               -                 (110 786)
Increase (decrease) during the year
Utilised during the year                                   139 542            890                      29 646
Translation differences                                   (109 896)          (890)
                                                                                                      140 432
Balance at 31 December 2021                                  29 646                -                  140 428
Less: current portion                                                                                (125 723)
                                                           139 542            890
Long-term provisions at 31 December 2021                   141 318           (890)                       1 359
                                                          (125 723)
                                                                                   -                  156 496
                                                               1 359              -                  (111 113)

                                                           156 496                -                    45 383
                                                          (111 113)               -

                                                             45 383               -

                                          BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                             59
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

25. OTHER LIABILITIES

                Accounting policy
                Cash-settled employee share-based payments
                Refer to note 33.2 for the accounting treatment of the cash-settled share-based payment liability.

    Other liabilities                                                                                                 2021         2020
    Cash-settled employee share-based payments                                                                        R000         R000
    Financial liabilities carried at fair value through profit or loss
    Forward foreign exchange contracts (Level 2) *                                                                  10 031               -

    Less: current portion                                                                                            8 076       14 476
    Long-term portion                                                                                               18 107       14 476
                                                                                                                    (8 076)     (14 476)
    * Further details on the group's exposure to currency risk is disclosed in note 38.4.1.                         10 031
                                                                                                                                         -

26. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                Accounting policy

                Trade and other payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of
                business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as financial liabilities at amortised cost and are measured at
                amortised cost.

    Trade creditors                                                                                                   952 191   708 055
    Audit fees                                                                                                          10 167     8 043
    Credit balances in trade and other receivables                                                                      19 547
    Leave pay and other payroll accruals *                                                                                       18 013
    Other accruals **                                                                                                 137 052    73 931
    Maintenance obligations                                                                                             21 129   37 099
    Other payables                                                                                                       3 202
    Value added taxation payable                                                                                        27 022     8 500
                                                                                                                        44 963   44 595
    Total trade and other payables                                                                                               34 818
                                                                                                                    1 215 273
    * Includes an incentive accrual for certain task level staff members.                                                       933 054

    ** Includes accruals for additional costs on finished goods incurred in the normal course of business.

60  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

27. REVENUE

Accounting policy

The group recognises revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of goods and services promised to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. The group
recognises revenue when it has satisfied its performance obligation in terms of the contract with the customer and when it
transfers control of the product or service to the customer.

The total transaction price, excluding sales taxation and net of any customer rebates, trade discounts and other similar
allowances, are proportionately allocated to each performance obligation (good or service) promised in the contract, based
on the stand-alone price of each good or service. Other than instalment sale agreements, extended warranties and long-term
service contracts, the transaction price was not adjusted for the effects of the time value of money in transactions where the
period between delivery of the promised goods or services and the payment from the customer is one year or less.

The group recognises revenue from the following major sources:
· sale of equipment (manufactured, third party, used), including standard warranties
· sale of parts
· service contracts and transport revenue
· extended warranty
· rental income

27.1 Sale of equipment (manufactured, third party, used), including standard warranties

27.1.1 Sale of equipment

             Upon delivery of a machine, judgements are made in assessing whether control of the machine has transferred

             to the customer. In assessing this, the group considers whether it has obtained the right to receive payment, the

             customer's acceptance of the asset, whether physical possession of the machine has transferred to the customer,

             whether significant risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer taking into account shipping

             terms and the customer's ability to direct the use of the asset or obtain benefits from it.

             In bill-and-hold arrangements the group has invoiced the customer for the promised machines, but physical
             possession has been retained by the group. The group applies judgement in assessing whether control of the
             machine has passed to the customer. In its assessment, the group considers the reason for the arrangement. These
             arrangements are usually at request from the customer and arise where delivery of the machine is not practical, or
             the customer's site where the equipment is going to be used is not ready. The group also considers if significant risks
             and rewards of ownership have passed to the customer and assesses whether it has retained the ability to direct
             the use of the equipment to another customer, if the equipment is ready for physical transfer and if the customer
             has accepted the asset. Revenue is recognised where the group concludes that the reason for the arrangement is
             substantive and that the customer has assumed control.

             In certain instances the group enters into sales contracts where a combination of finished goods and services are
             promised to the customer such as manufactured and third party equipment together with extended warranties
             and/or service contracts. The group also often agrees to arrange shipment of the equipment and recovers these
             freight costs from the customer. In these instances the group applies judgement and uses approved price listings to
             allocate the total transaction price proportionately to each performance obligation (good or service) promised in
             the contract, based on the stand-alone price of each good or service.

             Standard warranties on the equipment are not separately sold by the group in its ordinary course of business and
             are not separately priced. The group accounts for these in accordance with IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities
             and Contingent Assets. Refer to note 24.

 27.1.2      Advance payments from customers for finished goods
             Payments received from customers in advance of the transfer of control of the finished goods to the customer are
             recognised as contract liabilities until control has transferred and the revenue is recognised. Refer to note 22.1.

 27.1.3      Transactions with trade-ins
             Where the group agrees to trade in used equipment from a customer as part of the consideration receivable
             for the sale of new equipment, the difference between the fair value of the used equipment traded in and the
             agreed upon price of such trade-in, is accounted for as an adjustment to revenue. The group uses judgement
             in determining the fair value of the used equipment and consideration is given to the age and condition of the
             equipment and residual values achieved in the market for similar products.

27.1.4 Transactions with credit risk undertakings

             Refer to note 42 for the accounting treatment of these transactions.

                                                   BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                    61
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

27. REVENUE continued

    Accounting policy continued

    27.1 Sale of equipment (manufactured, third party, used), including standard warranties continued

 27.1.5 Transactions with residual value undertakings

                  Where the group has guaranteed the residual value of finished goods sold to financial institutions or customers, the

                  group assesses the probable outcome of the residual value commitment at inception and each reporting period.

                  Revenue was recognised upfront on the transaction where control over the goods has passed to the customer and

                  the group has satisfied its performance obligation in terms of its contract with the customer.

                  Judgement is used in assessing the residual value risk in determining the transaction price of the equipment.
                  The residual value is the risk that the market value realised for these products is less than what was expected
                  when the contracts were entered into. Significant assumptions are made in estimating residual values. These are
                  assessed based on past experience and take into account anticipated market conditions, product development,
                  environmental regulations, competitor actions, projected disposal values and any other factors that may have a
                  potential impact on the residual value. Where a shortfall between the assessed market value of the equipment
                  and the residual value guaranteed by the group is anticipated, the group recognises a refund liability to this extent
                  in the statement of financial position with a corresponding adjustment to the transaction price and revenue.
                  Refer to note 23.1 for the group's recognised liabilities in respect of residual value guarantees which represent the
                  discounted value of the group's liability. The group reassesses the market value of the underlying equipment and
                  determines the probable outcome of the residual value guarantee at each reporting period.

27.1.6            Instalment sale agreements
                  Where goods are sold and the contract provides a significant financing benefit to the customer, the group adjusts
                  the transaction price for the financing component. The interest rates used to adjust the transaction price are
                  customer specific and based on market related lending rates. The rates range between 7,5 % and 13,5%. Revenue is
                  recognised when control over the goods is transferred to the customer. A receivable is recognised on the statement
                  of financial position at an amount that depicts the group's net investment in the contract (refer to note 11).

            27.2  Sale of parts
                  Control is generally considered to be transferred where the group has obtained the right to receive payment, physical
                  possession of the parts has transferred to the customer, significant risks and rewards of ownership has transferred to the
                  customer and the customer has accepted the parts.

            27.3 Service contracts and transport revenue
27.3.1 Service contracts
 Service contract income arises from transactions with customers where the group is obligated to service a

                                  customer's equipment over the contract period, at specified service intervals or as and when required by the
                                  customer. Each service period is by nature short-term and in the group's judgement upon completion of the service
                                  the customer receives the benefits of the service provided. It is also at this point that the group's right to receive
                                  payment is established and on this basis revenue is recognised at a point in time.

                  Where the group services a customer's equipment, job cards are maintained for each service keeping track of
                  labour, parts and other costs incurred by the group on a particular job. Contract assets relating to service work-in-
                  progress is presented in note 11.

                  The group often supplies the service parts as part of the agreement. In these instances, the total transaction price is
                  proportionately allocated to each performance obligation in the contract, using stand-alone prices for each.

                  Where service contracts are sold to customers and the proceeds are received upfront, a contract liability is
                  recognised in the statement of financial position. Refer to note 22.3. Where the service contract term is more than
                  12 months, the transaction price is adjusted for the effects of the time value of money where this is significant. This
                  requires judgement. The contract is discounted using a discount rate based on the specific group operation's
                  average borrowing rate which is considered an appropriate basis. The discount rate used approximates 10,0%
                  (2020: 10,0%). The contract liability is recognised at inception based on the discounted amount. Revenue is
                  released each time a service has been rendered, based on the expected gross margin. In estimating the expected
                  gross margin, assumptions are made on the total expected costs to be incurred under the contract, using
                  historical data where available, taking into account an anticipated forfeiture rate. The group applies judgement
                  in determining the forfeiture rate which is the number of service intervals a customer is anticipated to forfeit. A
                  customer may elect to enter into a new contract to extend the service period after the expiry of the initial service
                  term.

62  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

27. REVENUE continued

Accounting policy continued

27.3 Service contracts and transport revenue continued

                  27.3.2 Transport services

                  In many instances where machines and parts are sold to customers, the group agrees to deliver the goods to the

                  customer at an agreed price. The group has discretion to accept or reject a request for transport services and

                  to set pricing. Where the group accepts a request for transport services it assumes the responsibility to fulfil such

                  promise to its customer. The group uses another party to deliver the goods and has the ability to direct that party

                  to provide the service to the customer on the group's behalf. Based on this, in the group's judgement, the group

                  considers that it acts as a principal in these transactions and therefore revenue from transport services is recorded

                  on a gross basis with the related costs in cost of sales.

            27.4  Sale of extended warranties
                  Extended warranty contracts are separately priced and sold by the group to customers. These contracts are accounted
                  for as separate performance obligations and the total transaction price is allocated proportionately based on stand-alone
                  prices where the sale of these contracts is combined with the sale of finished goods and/or other services. The consideration
                  on these contracts is received upfront. The transaction price is adjusted for the effects of the time value of money using
                  an appropriate discount rate where the contract terms are greater than 12 months and where the financing component
                  is material. This requires judgement. The discount rate used in these transactions approximates 10,5% (2020: 10,5%) and is
                  based on the specific group operation's average borrowing rate which is considered an appropriate basis. A deferred
                  income liability is recognised at inception based on the discounted amount. Refer to note 22.2. The group releases the
                  revenue on these contracts on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract as this, in the group's judgement, depicts
                  the customer's right to access this service.

            27.5  Rental revenue
                  The group as lessor
                  Where the group enters into a lease arrangement, the group uses the guidance in IFRS 16 Leases with regard to classification
                  of a lease as either a finance lease or an operating lease. This requires judgement. The group considers if significant risks and
                  rewards of ownership have transferred to the buyer and significant assumptions are made in assessing this.

                  In assessing the transfer of risks and rewards associated with ownership, the group considers the probability of return of
                  the equipment by the customer. Consideration is given to the terms of the agreement and other relevant factors that will
                  impact returns such as customer behaviour, product type, past practice and history of returns, current and anticipated
                  market conditions and whether the present value of the minimum lease payments amounts to substantially all of the fair
                  value of the equipment. Where the group concludes that significant risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the
                  buyer, the lease is classified as a finance lease and the sale of goods is recognised as revenue. The group had no finance
                  lease arrangements in place during the current year. Where the lease is classified as an operating lease rental revenue is
                  recognised. Rental revenue from operating leases is recognised over time based on the hours utilised on the machine as
                  this, in the group's judgement, depicts the transfer of benefits to the customer.

                  In instances where the rental income streams from operating leases have been discounted to financial institutions with
                  recourse to the group, the group recognises a liability on the statement of financial position. Refer to note 20.2.

                  Refer to note 36 for the disclosure of operating lease arrangements.

                                                        BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                         63
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

27. REVENUE continued

            Disaggregation of revenue
            The group derives its revenue from the sale of equipment and aftermarket products, which includes the sale of parts, service
            contracts and transport revenue, extended warranty and rental revenue.

            This is consistent with the external revenue information that is disclosed for each reportable segment under IFRS 8 (refer to note 6)
            and the information that is provided to the group's chief operating decision maker on a regular basis.

                                             MANUFACTURING, ASSEMBLY,         DIRECT SALES OPERATIONS
                                                 LOGISTICS AND DEALER
                                                    SALES OPERATIONS

                                             South Africa      Europe         South Africa Rest of Africa Total Revenue
                                                       R000       R000
                                                                              R000                  R000        R000

    2021                                     1 043 265         2 766 176      1 877 434             142 362     5 829 237
    Revenue                                    390 445           253 567        829 787             160 439     1 634 238
    Sale of equipment *                          56 018            48 500       215 889
    Sale of parts                                69 388                    -              -          30 178       350 585
    Service contracts and transport revenue              -          9 185       120 978                      -      69 388
    Extended warranty
    Rental revenue                           1 559 116         3 077 428      3 044 088                3 514      133 677

    Total revenue                                                                                   336 493     8 017 125

    2020                                       628 943         1 992 531      1 930 571             133 433     4 685 478
    Revenue                                    335 756           245 576        715 520             162 230     1 459 082
    Sale of equipment *                                            73 161       179 977
    Sale of parts                                41 463             1 415                 -          23 713       318 314
    Service contracts and transport revenue      66 730             8 649       148 835                      -      68 145
    Extended warranty
    Rental revenue                                       -     2 321 332      2 974 903                1 774      159 258

    Total revenue                            1 072 892                                              321 150     6 690 277

    The transfer of goods and services occurs over time and at a point in time as reflected below.

    Timing of revenue recognition                                                                         2021         2020
                                                                                                          R000         R000
    At a point in time
    Sale of equipment *                                                                             5 829 237   4 685 478
    Sale of parts                                                                                   1 634 238   1 459 082
    Service contracts and transport revenue
                                                                                                      350 585     318 314
    Total                                                                                           7 814 060   6 462 874

    Over time                                                                                           69 388      68 145
    Extended warranty                                                                                 133 677     159 258
    Rental revenue                                                                                    203 065     227 403
                                                                                                    8 017 125   6 690 277
    Total
    Total revenue

    * Sale of equipment in manufacturing, assembly, logistics and dealer sales operations in Europe has been increased by an
          amount of R35,6 million (2020: decrease of R81,7 million) relating to a reversal of the expected loss on sales transactions
          concluded with residual value guarantees. Refer to note 23.1.

    Included in revenue for the year is an amount of R39,6 million (2020: R82,6 million) relating to a bill-and-hold arrangement for the
    sale of equipment to a particular customer. Control of the equipment has passed to the customer and management's assessment
    is that the likelihood of revenue reversal in future periods is remote.

    The group had remaining and unsatisfied performance obligations at year end in terms of extended warranty contracts, service
    contracts, and in terms of certain equipment sales contracts where the consideration was received in advance from customers.
    These obligations are reflected as contract liabilities in the statement of financial position.

    Related party sales are disclosed in note 39.

64  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

28. PROFIT FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                        Notes  2021       2020
                                                                                                   R000       R000
            Profit from operating activities is arrived at after taking into account:
            Income                                                                                 247 473    198 676
            Currency exchange gains (i)
            APDP - production incentives (ii)                                               44     90 884     62 630
            Net surplus on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
            Expenditure                                                                            8 160      4 314
            Amortisation of intangible assets
            Amounts written off as credit impaired                                          9      36 364     32 914
            Increase (decrease) in allowance for expected credit losses on trade and other
            receivables                                                                            3 850      31 732
            Auditors' remuneration - audit fees and other services
            Cash-settled employee share awards                                                     11 810     (29 465)
            Consulting fees
            Currency exchange losses (i)                                                           14 436     15 295
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (iii)
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                    10 031                -
            Directors' remuneration
            Paid by company:                                                                       32 133     25 476

                   - non-executive directors' fees (iv)                                            258 624    245 379
            Paid by subsidiaries:
                                                                                            7      151 396    140 834
                  - executive directors - salaries (iv)
                                                 - benefits (iv)                            8      63 436     69 561

            Impairment losses recognised on assets                                          43     7 902      4 805
            Increase in contract provision - warranty
            Lease expenses                                                                  43     8 702      6 316
            Research expenses (excluding staff costs)
            Staff costs (iv)                                                                43     1 665      1 239

                                                                                            7, 9         -    56 194

                                                                                                   14 964     957

                                                                                            8      18 681     17 304

                                                                                                   36 466     34 808

                                                                                                   1 511 259  1 285 889

(i) Net currency exchange losses arose mainly on foreign currency denominated inventory purchases and trade and other
      payables as a result of Rand movements against the USD and the Euro in the current year.

(ii) Income from production incentives increased by 45,1% due to an increase in production volumes in the current period.

(iii) Total depreciation expense above, expressed by the nature of this expense, includes depreciation included in cost of sales
      and in distribution costs, administration expenses and factory operating expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or
      loss.

(iv) Staff costs increased by 17,8% mainly due to an increase in the workforce at the manufacturing and assembly facilities, an
      incentive accrual for certain task level staff members and because the prior year includes group-wide salary reductions of 20%
      for staff members and 25% for the executive directors for May to July 2020.

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                                                     65
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

29. INTEREST EXPENSE                                           2021                                                   2020
                                                               R000                                                   R000
            Interest expense incurred on the following:
            Bank overdrafts and loans                          23 608                                                  35 096
            Lease liabilities                                  37 034                                                  36 490
            Industrial Development Corporation (IDC)
            of South Africa working capital facility           27 022                                                  58 179
            Other *                                             8 724                                                  24 403
            Total interest expense                                                                                    154 168
                                                               96 388

    * Includes interest expenses relating to extended credit terms granted to the group for goods purchased in the normal course of
          business and interest expenses relating to collateralised borrowings.

30. INTEREST INCOME                                             9 616                                                  5 716
                                                               24 622                                                 18 534
            Interest income earned on the following:           17 087                                                 14 136
            Service contracts                                  10 951                                                 12 639
            Extended warranty contracts
            Instalment sale agreements                         62 276                                                 51 025
            Other *

            Total interest income

    * Includes interest income received from customers on extended credit terms provided and financial institutions.

66  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

31. TAXATION

            Accounting policy

            The taxation expense represents the sum of the taxation currently payable and deferred taxation.

            Current taxation
            The taxation currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from net profit as reported in the
            statement of profit or loss because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it
            further excludes items that are never taxable or deductible. The group's liability / asset for current taxation is calculated using
            taxation rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            Current taxation is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income
            or directly in equity, in which case, the current taxation is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

            Deferred taxation
            Refer to note 12 for the group's accounting policy on deferred taxation.

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  67
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

31. TAXATION continued                                                                                              2021  2020
                                                                                                                    R000  R000
          31.1 Taxation recognised in profit or loss
                                                                                           21 601                          35 124
                      South African normal taxation                                        (2 917)                         14 226
                      Current taxation
                      - current year                                                       18 922                         (55 792)
                      - prior year                                                        (12 132)                         (6 931)
                      Deferred taxation                                                                                        956
                      - current year                                                        1 167                               31
                      - prior year                                                                 -
                      Withholding taxation
                      Other corporate taxation                                            53 898                           6 538
                      Foreign taxation                                                    (1 353)                            664
                      Current taxation
                      - current year                                                      (5 612)                         (6 620)
                      - prior year                                                           (430)                          (126)
                      Deferred taxation                                                    1 090                             767
                      - current year                                                       1 110                             797
                      - prior year
                      Withholding taxation
                      Other corporate taxation, including wealth taxation

    Total taxation recognised in profit or loss                                           75 344                          (10 366)

    Reconciliation of rate of taxation (%)                                                                          %                 %
    Standard rate of taxation
    Adjustment for:                                                                                                 28            28
    Disallowable legal and consulting fees
    Special allowances for taxation                                                                                 1                 (1)
    Prior year taxation
    Withholding and other corporate taxation                                                                        (1)               6
    Tax losses utilised by subsidiaries where no deferred taxation assets have
    been recognised in previous periods                                                                             (5)           (12)
    Impact of different taxation rates of subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions,
    mainly UK and Russia                                                                                            1                 (4)

    Effective rate of taxation                                                                                      (1)               -

                                                                                                                    (3)               (2)

                                                                                                                    20            15

    The group's estimated taxation losses amount to R544,0 million (2020: R533,2 million). Included in this amount are losses of
    R11,7 million (2020: R32,6 million) that will expire as set out below:

    Less than one year                                                                    11 663                          10 174
    Two to five years                                                                             -                       13 536
    Six to ten years                                                                              -
                                                                                                                           8 883

    Total                                                                                 11 663                          32 593

    Other losses may be carried forward indefinitely. Certain prior year losses were utilised in the current year.

    A deferred taxation asset of R89,5 million (2020: R67,8 million) was recognised in respect of taxation losses. Refer to note 12.

    Unused taxation losses for which no deferred taxation assets have been recognised are revenue in nature and amount to
    R232,7 million (2020: R285,3 million). Of this amount R11,7 million (2020: R19,1 million) will expire as follows:

    Less than one year                                                                    11 663                          10 174
    Six to ten years                                                                              -                        8 883

    Total                                                                                 11 663                          19 057

68  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

32. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE AND NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE

                                                                                      Notes      2021          2020

32.1 Earnings (loss) per share (basic)                                       (R'000)         286 770        (64 292)
           Profit (loss) attributable to owners of Bell Equipment Limited     (`000)          95 629         95 629
           Weighted average number of shares in issue                                             300
           Earnings (loss) per share (basic)                                 (cents)                             (67)

32.2 Earnings (loss) per share (diluted)                                     (R'000)         286 770        (64 292)
           Profit (loss) attributable to owners of Bell Equipment Limited     (`000)         110 182         98 604
           Fully converted weighted average number of shares
           Earnings (loss) per share (diluted)                               (cents)              260            (65)

The group has potential ordinary shares relating to the unexercised options in the group's equity-settled employee share
option plan as set out in note 33.1.2. There was no dilutive impact from these options in the current year as the market
price was below the option price. In addition, the group has potential ordinary shares relating to the shareholding of BEE
parties in certain group entities. These BEE parties are required to sell their shares to the group at the end of the lock-in
period in exchange for cash, shares in the company or in another group entity or in a combination of cash and shares, at
the company's discretion. The number of shares has been adjusted for the effect of the dilutive potential shares relating to
these options.

32.3 Headline earnings (loss) per share (basic)

Profit (loss) attributable to owners of Bell Equipment Limited               (R'000)         286 770        (64 292)
Net surplus on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets                                                                       (R'000)  28     (8 160)        (4 314)
Taxation effect of net surplus on disposal of property, plant and equipment
and intangible assets                                                        (R'000)         2 270            1 207
Impairment loss recognised on intangible assets                              (R'000)                         23 254
Taxation effect of impairment loss on intangible assets                      (R'000)  9      -               (6 511)
Impairment loss recognised on revaluation of buildings                       (R'000)                         31 873
Taxation effect of impairment loss recognised on revaluation of buildings    (R'000)         -              (11 156)
Impairment loss recognised on plant and equipment                            (R'000)
Taxation effect of impairment loss recognised on plant and equipment         (R'000)  7      -                1 067
                                                                                                                (299)
                                                                                             -
                                                                                                            (29 171)
                                                                                      7      -
                                                                                                             95 629
                                                                                             -
                                                                                                                 (31)
Headline earnings (loss)                                                     (R'000)         280 880

Weighted average number of shares in issue                                   (`000)          95 629

Headline earnings (loss) per share (basic)                                   (cents)         294

32.4 Headline earnings (loss) per share (diluted)                            (R'000)         280 880        (29 171)
           Headline earnings (loss) as calculated in 32.3 above               (`000)         110 182         98 604
           Fully converted weighted average number of shares per 32.2 above
           Headline earnings (loss) per share (diluted)                      (cents)              255            (30)

Headline earnings is calculated in accordance with Circular 1/2021 Headline Earnings issued by the South African Institute
of Chartered Accountants.

32.5 Net asset value per share                                               (R'000)         3 861 733 3 503 778
           Total capital and reserves                                         (`000)
           Number of shares in issue                                                  17     95 629         95 629
                                                                             (cents)
           Net asset value per share                                                         4 038          3 664

                                                 BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  69
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

33. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS WITH EMPLOYEES

            Accounting policy

            Equity-settled share-based payments
            Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instrument at the grant date. Fair
            value is measured by use of a binomial model. The expected life used in the model is adjusted, based on management's best
            estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations.

            The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over
            the vesting period, based on the group's estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest. At the end of each reporting
            period, the group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the
            original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a
            corresponding adjustment to the employee benefits reserve in equity.

            Cash-settled share-based payments
            The group recognises a liability for cash-settled share-based payments at fair value. The fair value of the liability is determined using
            an option pricing model and the liability is remeasured at each reporting date and at the date of settlement with any changes
            reflected in the group's statement of profit or loss. Services received from employees are recognised by the group as they are
            rendered.

            The estimation of the fair value of the cash-settled share-based payments includes the effect of market and non-market
            conditions. Vesting conditions, other than market conditions, are taken into account in the measurement of the liability by
            adjusting the number of awards that are expected to vest. This estimate is revised at each reporting date when the liability is
            remeasured until the vesting date.

            33.1  Equity-settled employee share option plan
                  This scheme was approved by the shareholders and the board in 2009 and share options were granted to senior employees
                  on 15 February 2010, 15 April 2011 and 15 May 2012. The allocation of share options was done according to a formula that
                  recognised responsibility levels and was at the discretion of the chief executive and the board. No further share options
                  have been granted since 2012. Five million ordinary shares were reserved for the scheme. The option price was the thirty day
                  volume weighted average of the closing market price of the share immediately preceding the grant date. The options are
                  equity-settled, each year's allocation of options vested one third in each period after three years, five years and seven years
                  respectively, after the date of grant.

                  The options carry neither rights to dividends nor voting rights. Each employee share option converts into one ordinary share
                  of Bell Equipment Limited on exercise. Options may be exercised at any time from the date of vesting to the date of their
                  expiry. The options expire after 10 years from the date of award if not exercised by employees.

                  Options are forfeited on leaving the company. Retired or retrenched employees are entitled to exercise their options in full
                  within twelve months after becoming a retired or retrenched employee. If not exercised by retired or retrenched employees
                  within such period, the options lapse.

33.1.1 Share options granted

                  The following share-based payment arrangements were in existence during the reporting period:

                  Grant date      Tranches                           Initial  Expiry date  Exercise              Fair value
                                                                 number                        price               at grant
                  15 Apr 2011 *  Tranche 1                     of options                                               date
                  15 Apr 2011 *  Tranche 2                       granted                    R 13,06
                  15 Apr 2011 *  Tranche 3                                                  R 13,06                   R 7,12
                  15 May 2012    Tranche 1                     510 000 14 Apr 2021          R 13,06                   R 7,71
                  15 May 2012    Tranche 2                     510 000 14 Apr 2021          R 21,35                   R 8,17
                  15 May 2012    Tranche 3                     510 000 14 Apr 2021          R 21,35                 R 12,79
                                                               316 666 14 May 2022          R 21,35                 R 13,18
                                                               316 667 14 May 2022                                  R 13,54
                                                               316 667 14 May 2022

                  * Unexercised options from these tranches expired and were forfeited in April 2021. Refer to the reconciliation of
                       outstanding options in note 33.1.2.

70  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

33. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS WITH EMPLOYEES continued

33.1 Equity-settled employee share option plan continued                                                                                         2021  2020
        33.1.2 Shares reserved and movement in share options for the year
                                                                                                         5 000 000                                      5 000 000
                     Total number of shares reserved for equity-settled share options                     (655 385)                                      (655 385)
                     Less: number of share options exercised                                              (372 000)                                    (1 047 000)
                     Less: number of share options granted and vested, but not exercised
                     Number of shares reserved, but share options not granted or expired                 3 972 615 3 297 615

 The following reconciles the share options outstanding at the beginning and end of the year:                                                    2020
                                                                                                                                           2021

                                                    Number of                             Weighted       Number of                                     Weighted
                                                        options                            average           options                                    average
                                                                                           exercise                                                      exercise
                                                                                                                                                             price
                                                                                                price                                                              R
                                                                                                      R

                  Balance at beginning of the year  1 047 000                             16,24           2 181 604                                    13,30
                  Forfeited during the year            (72 500)                           16,49              (10 000)                                  21,35
                  Expired during the year *                                               13,06                                                        10,48
                                                     (602 500)                                           (1 124 604)

                  Balance at end of the year        372 000                               21,35 1 047 000                                              16,24

 * The options which expired in 2021 are in respect of unexercised options which were granted in April 2011 and
                           which expired in April 2021 in terms of the scheme rules.

                  The share options outstanding at the end of the year under equity-settled share-based payments had a
                  weighted average remaining contractual life of 0,4 years (2020: 0,7 years). The exercise prices on options are
                  presented in note 33.1.1.

 At year-end the number of options that had vested and that were exercisable was 372 000 (2020: 1 047 000).

            33.2  Cash-settled employee share award plan
                  This phantom share incentive scheme was approved by the board of directors and implemented in 2018. The scheme
                  makes provision for long-term incentivisation of key executives in the structure of a share appreciation rights scheme. The
                  objective and purpose of the scheme is to grant forfeitable phantom share awards to key executives to enable them
                  to benefit if the company's share price improves and if the specified Headline Earnings per Share (HEPS) and Return on
                  Invested Capital (ROIC) performance conditions are achieved.

                  The awards comprise a mixture of zero-strike and strike based awards, with the zero-strike portion subject to a 50% split
                  between HEPS and ROIC performance conditions. The number of awards granted to executives was determined with
                  reference to market norms for long-term incentive schemes and a multiple of the salary packages of the participants and
                  the company granted these awards in four equal, annual tranches on 1 January each year, starting in 2018. In respect of the
                  portion of the incentive related to the market price of the share, employees will acquire the cash equivalent of the growth in
                  the share price. In respect of the portion of the incentive related to the HEPS and ROIC performance conditions, employees
                  will receive the cash equivalent of the market value of the shares without any reduction by the strike price. The HEPS
                  performance condition is that the annual compounded HEPS growth rate over the three, four and five year periods ending
                  on the last day of the financial year-end of the group prior to the vesting date, must meet or exceed the HEPS growth rate
                  of inflation plus 5%. The ROIC performance condition is based on operational returns in excess of the cost of capital, plus a
                  margin. The total benefit paid to employees in any financial year shall not exceed 6% of the NPAT as reflected in the audited
                  results of the group.

                  One-third of each annual award vests in years three, four and five after the award date and the awards are forfeited on a
                  participant ceasing to be an employee, for reasons other than incapacity, death or retirement, when all the awards held
                  by the participants, whether or not they have vested, will be deemed to have vested upon termination of employment and
                  shall be settled within three months or in the case of death, within 12 months thereafter.

                  In the event of a change in control of the company which results in the retrenchment of or a material adverse change in
                  the conditions of employment of the participant the full number of phantom share units determined will be deemed to be
                  awarded and the vesting period in respect of this full award will be advanced in accordance with the rules of the scheme.

                  The strike price is the thirty day volume weighted average of the closing market share price immediately preceding the
                  grant date of 1 January each year.

                                                    BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                                          71
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

33. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS WITH EMPLOYEES continued

    33.2 Cash-settled employee share award plan continued

33.2.1 Share awards granted

    The following share-based payment arrangements were in existence at the end of the reporting period:

                                                           Number of phantom share units

                                           With a          Vesting     Vesting     Vesting     Vesting     Vesting
                                                           January     January     January     January     January
                             With a strike price                                                                       Exercise
                                                                2022        2023        2024        2025        2026       price
    Grant date      strike price      of zero

    1 January 2018  588 666       330 667                  459 667     459 666              -           -           -  R 13,53
    1 January 2019  883 000       496 000                  459 667     459 667     459 666              -           -  R 12,68
    1 January 2020  883 000       496 000                              459 667     459 667     459 666              -
    1 January 2021  883 000       496 000                           -              459 667     459 667     459 666      R 8,88
                                                                    -           -                                       R 6,52

 Refer to the number of phantom share awards held by directors and prescribed officers in note 43.

    No amounts were paid or are payable to participants in respect of the phantom share units which vested in
    January 2021 and January 2022.

33.2.2 Fair value of share awards granted

    The fair value of the phantom share awards was measured at the end of the year using the Black-Scholes pricing

    model. A liability of R10,0 million was raised for this cash-settled employee share award plan. Refer to note 25.

    Inputs into the model                                                                                  Measurement date
    Spot price of the option                                                                               31 December 2021
    Dividend yield
    Expected volatility of the share price                                                                                  R 12,35
    Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                 0,00%
                                                                                                                             63,60%

                                                                                                                   4.91% - 6.57%

33.2.3 Movement in share awards granted

    The following reconciles the share awards outstanding at the beginning and end of the year:

                                                                                   2021                    2020

                                                                       Number of          Weighted         Number of   Weighted
                                                                           awards          average             awards   average
                                                                                           exercise                      exercise
                                                                                                                             price
                                                                                                price                              R
                                                                                                      R

    Balance at beginning of the year                                   4 525 000               7,45 3 146 000          8,39
    Expired during the year
    Granted during the year                                            (459 667)               8,66        -           -
    Forfeited during the year
                                                                       1 573 000               4,17 1 670 000          5,68
    Balance at end of the year
                                                                       (582 000)               6,08        (291 000)   7,49

                                                                       5 056 333               6,48 4 525 000          7,45

 The share awards outstanding at the end of the year under the cash-settled employee share award plan had a
                                 weighted average remaining contractual life of 2,6 years (2020: 3,0 years).

72  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

34. CONTINGENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

            Accounting policy

            Contingent assets are not recognised as assets because they are possible assets that arise from past events and whose existence
            will be confirmed only by an occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not fully within the control of the
            group.

            The contingent asset in note 34.1.1 below relates to the group's reimbursement right from third-party component suppliers in respect
            of standard warranties on manufactured goods. The amount below has not been recognised as an asset as the circumstances
            do not support a conclusion that recovery is virtually certain. This represents the group's best estimate of expected recoveries from
            component suppliers. Refer to the group's accounting policy on contract provisions for standard warranty in note 24.1.

            Contingent liabilities are not recognised as liabilities because they are either possible obligations and the group's present obligation
            that could lead to an outflow of resources has yet to be confirmed; or they are present obligations that do not meet the recognition
            criteria because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation.

34.1 Contingent assets                                                                                           2021   2020
                                                                                                                 R000   R000
        34.1.1 Reimbursement right relating to standard warranty in respect of manufactured goods              28 182   25 280
                     Reimbursement right from component suppliers in respect of standard warranties where
                     virtual certainty has not yet been established                                            47 638   44 057

34.2 Contingent liabilities

        34.2.1 Third party warranties and indemnities
                      Warranties and indemnities, which are expected to expire in May 2022, limited to USD3
                      million have been provided relating to the sale of assets of the DRC operation in 2018.

34.2.2 Cash-backed bond                                                                                        7 146    6 609

             A cash-backed bond of USD450,000 in favour of the Environmental Protection Agency
             in the United States of America. The cash is restricted and the funds are repayable to
             the group during 2022.



35. CAPITAL EXPENDITURE COMMITMENTS

Capital expenditure commitments include commitments for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and software.

Contracted                                                                                                      26 267     8 262
Authorised, but not contracted                                                                                 115 659  103 835

Total capital expenditure commitments                                                                          141 926  112 097

This capital expenditure is to be financed from internal resources.

36. OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS

Operating leases, in which the group is the lessor, relate to leases of equipment reflected as rental assets in note 7 and inventory as
reflected in note 13.

36.1 Operating lease receivables
         The minimum undiscounted lease payments in non-cancellable operating lease receivables are set out below:

Equipment                                                                                                      67 994   76 487
Less than one year                                                                                                 419  43 496
Between one and two years

Total operating lease receivables                                                                              68 413   119 983

                                       BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                        73
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

37. RETIREMENT BENEFIT INFORMATION

            Accounting policy

            Payments to defined contribution retirement plans and state-managed retirement contribution schemes are charged as an
            expense when employees have rendered services in respect of which contributions are payable.

            South African group employees in certain scheduled occupations are required by legislation to join an industrial defined
            contribution plan. The pension fund is governed by the Pension Funds Act and retirement benefits are determined based on the
            level of contributions for retirement by employees and investment returns. Employees carry the investment risk and the group has
            no commitment to meet any unfunded benefits.

            Other South African employees are eligible, as a condition of their employment, to join the Old Mutual Superfund Pension and
            Provident Funds, which are externally managed defined contribution plans with multiple participating employers, including Bell
            Equipment Limited. These funds are governed by the Pension Funds Act and retirement and death benefits are determined with
            reference to the employees' contributions to the fund. These funds are actuarially valued but, by their nature, the group has no
            commitment to meet any unfunded benefits.

            Certain of the foreign subsidiaries offer pension fund plans to their employees. These funds are externally managed defined
            contribution plans and are not actuarially valued. These companies have no commitment to meet any unfunded benefits.

            The group's employer contributions to retirement funds were R105,8 million during the current year (2020: R104,1 million) and were
            charged to staff costs in profit or loss.

            There is no obligation to meet any post retirement medical costs of employees.

74  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

38. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Financial assets and liabilities are recognised on the group's statement of financial position when the group becomes a party to the
contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial assets
Financial assets carried on the statement of financial position are classified into the following categories:
· financial assets at fair value through profit or loss;
· financial assets at amortised cost; and
· financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

Classification is determined by both the group's business model as well as the contractual cash flow characteristics of the asset.
Financial assets carried on the statement of financial position include cash and bank balances, investments, interest-bearing
receivables, trade and other receivables and other assets. The group's business model for each category is disclosed in notes 10, 11,
14, 15 and 16.

Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities carried on the statement of financial position are classified into the following categories:
· financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss; and
· financial liabilities at amortised cost.

Financial liabilities as disclosed in the statement of financial position include interest-bearing liabilities, trade and other payables,
bank overdrafts and borrowings on call and other liabilities. Refer to notes 20, 25, 26 and 38.2.

Offsetting financial instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are offset where the group has a legal and enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and it

intends to either settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

                                                                                                                    2021     2020

Categories of financial instruments                                               Notes                             R000     R000

Financial assets                                                                                           11       203 357  209 368
Financial assets at amortised cost
- Interest-bearing receivables (excluding service and repair work in progress)                             14       933 281  782 933
- Trade and other receivables (excluding value added taxation receivable)
- Cash and bank balances                                                                                   16       156 332  82 751
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
- Investments                                                                                              10       58 717   33 615
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
- Other assets (forward foreign exchange contracts)                                                        15       14 546   10 231

Total financial assets                                                                                              1 366 233 1 118 898

Financial liabilities *                                                                                    20       378 644  751 695
Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                                                                      787 206
- Interest-bearing liabilities                                                                             26 1 012 129      481 392
- Trade and other payables (excluding accruals and value added taxation payable)
- Bank overdrafts and borrowings on call                                                                   38.2     473 334
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
- Other liabilities (forward foreign exchange contracts)                                                   25       8 076    14 476

Total financial liabilities                                                                                         1 872 183 2 034 769

* In the prior year refund liabilities of R81,7 million were incorrectly disclosed as part of the group's financial liabilities at amortised
       cost.

                                     BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                               75
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

38. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS continued

    Fair value of financial instruments
    Financial assets at amortised cost
    Trade and other receivables and cash and bank balances are measured at amortised cost. The directors consider that the
    carrying amount of trade and other receivables, excluding the value added taxation receivable, and cash and bank balances
    approximates their fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amount of interest-bearing receivables
    approximates their fair value owing to the market related interest rates charged on these agreements.

    Financial liabilities at amortised cost
    Trade and other payables and bank overdrafts and borrowings on call are measured at amortised cost. The directors consider
    that the carrying amount of trade and other payables, excluding the value added taxation payable, and bank overdrafts and
    borrowings on call approximates their fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amount of interest-
    bearing liabilities approximates their fair value owing to the market related interest rates on these instruments.

    Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
    Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value through profit or loss include forward foreign exchange contracts presented in the
    statement of financial position as other assets or liabilities. The group measures forward foreign exchange contracts at fair value on
    a recurring basis based on the market approach, using inputs other than quoted prices (Level 2). The fair value of these contracts
    is based on observable forward exchange rates at year-end from an independent provider of financial market data. There was no
    change in the valuation techniques for forward foreign exchange contracts (Level 2).

    Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
    Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income include listed and unlisted equity instruments. These
    investments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value of listed investments is based on quoted market prices
    (Level 1). For its unlisted investment (Level 3), the group used an average of observable price to book ratios of a number of entities
    within the industry which was applied to the estimated net asset value of the investment entity. Refer to note 10.

    Valuation techniques and fair value hierarchy
    There was no change in the valuation techniques used for the group's listed (Level 1) and unlisted investments (Level 3).

    For all fair value measurements disclosed above, there were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the year.

    Financial risk management
    The group's approach to risk management includes being able to identify, describe and analyse risks at all levels throughout the
    group, with mitigating actions being implemented at the appropriate point of activity. The very significant, high impact risk areas
    and the related mitigating action plans are monitored by the risk and sustainability committee and the board. The overall risk
    strategy remains unchanged with emphasis on sustainability and liquidity.

    In the normal course of its operations, the group is exposed to capital, liquidity, credit and market risks (foreign currency risk, interest
    rate risk and equipment residual value risk). In order to manage these risks, the group may enter into transactions which make use of
    derivatives, including forward foreign exchange contracts. The group does not speculate in derivative instruments.

    The group's treasury function provides services to the business, co-ordinates access to domestic and international financial markets,
    and monitors and manages the financial risks relating to operations of the group through internal reports which analyse exposures
    and the magnitude of risks.

    38.1 Capital risk management

    The group's overall strategy is to secure the long-term sustainability of the group and to generate cash. This is consistent with

    the prior year.

    The capital structure of the group consists of debt, which includes short-term and long-term borrowings as disclosed in note
    20, cash and bank balances, all components of equity, comprising issued capital, reserves and non-controlling interest, as
    disclosed in notes 17 to 19, and retained earnings.

 Gearing ratio

    Management monitors the group borrowings with reference to a targeted net debt-to-equity ratio of between 30% and 40%.

                                                                     2021                                                      2020
                                                                     R000                                                      R000

    The gearing ratio at year-end was as follows:                      851 978                                                 1 233 087
    Short-term and long-term borrowings                               (156 332)                                                   (82 751)
    Cash and bank balances                                             695 646
    Net debt                                                         3 861 733                                                 1 150 336
    Total equity                                                     3 837 671                                                 3 503 778
    Attributable to owners of Bell Equipment Limited                                                                           3 487 212
    Non-controlling interest                                             24 062
                                                                                                                                   16 566

    Debt-to-equity ratio (excluding cash and bank balances) (%)      22,1                                                      35,2

    Net debt-to-equity ratio (including cash and bank balances) (%)  18,0                                                      32,8



76  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

38. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS continued

            38.2  Liquidity risk

                  The group manages liquidity risk by management of working capital and cash flows. Banking facilities are constantly

                  monitored for adequacy. The general banking facilities are repayable on demand and their utilisation at 31 December 2021 is

                  as follows:

                                                                                        Facilities Utilisation  Facilities Utilisation

                                                                                        2021        2021        2020                   2020

                                                                                        R000        R000        R000                   R000

                  General banking facilities                                            1 042 434   473 334 1 037 108                  481 392

                  Bank overdrafts and borrowings on call are unsecured and floating interest rates linked to benchmark rates are charged. In
                  terms of undertakings by the group in certain bank facility agreements, limits are in place for permitted security over group
                  assets, the provision of guarantees or indemnities to any person and for the raising of additional borrowings. Transactions in
                  excess of these limits require the consent of the banks concerned.

                  The utilisation at 31 December 2021 on the Industrial Development Corporation of South Africa facilities is as follows:

                  Trade finance and interest accrued  Facilities  Utilisation            Interest   Facilities  Utilisation    Interest
                                                           2021         2021            accrued          2020         2020   accrued
                                                           R000         R000                             R000         R000
                                                                                             2021                                  2020
                                                       550 000       172 364                 R000    750 000       429 945        R000

                                                                                             1 358                                3 685

 The IDC trade finance is unsecured and is a rolling credit facility, repayable six-monthly. Utilisation of the facility is restricted
                     to the funding of working capital. In the current year the IDC facility was reduced from R750 million to R550 million and the
                     terminal drawdown date was extended from 31 December 2021 to 31 December 2023. The facility is fully repayable within 6
                     months of the terminal drawdown date, unless a renewal of the facility is negotiated.

                  The following financial covenants, measured at a group level, apply:

 · Ratio of total shareholders' interests to total assets: minimum of 35% (a ratio of 58% was achieved at 31 December 2021)

 · Debt service cover ratio: no less than 1,2 times (a ratio of 1,9 times was achieved at 31 December 2021)

                  In addition, BECSA may not:

 · make any loans; and/or

 · repay loans to or pay interest on loans from shareholders or related persons or make any payments whatsoever to such

                  persons; and/or

 · pay directors fees and directors salaries exceeding R50 million in the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (which

                  salary limit may thereafter be increased at CPI per year), if:

                  the making of such payments would result in the ratio of shareholders' interest to total assets being reduced below 40%

                  and the debt service cover ratio being less than 1,5 times.

                  BECSA's loan from the company of R88 million at year end shall remain constant and may not be repaid and BECSA may not
                  enter into any new inter-company loans without the IDC's permission. During 2021 BECSA concluded a loan agreement with
                  Bell Equipment International SA and this loan was condoned by the IDC.

                                                      BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                        77
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

38. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS continued

    38.2 Liquidity risk continued

                  The following details the group's remaining contractual maturities for its non-derivative financial liabilities. The table has been

                  drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows and where applicable includes both interest and principal cash flows.

                                                                              Less than   One to two Two to three   More than
                                                                              one year                             three years
                                                                                          years      years                             Total
                                                                                    R000                                    R000       R000
                  Non-derivative financial liabilities    Notes                           R000       R000

                  2021                                    20                  34 614      30 186     23 386        139 193          227 379
                  Secured interest-bearing liabilities                                            -          -              -       180 471
                  Unsecured interest-bearing liabilities  20                  180 471             -          -              -     1 012 129
                  Trade and other payables                                                        -          -              -       473 334
                  Bank overdrafts and borrowings on call  26     1 012 129

                                                          38.2                473 334

                  Total                                          1 700 548                30 186     23 386        139 193 1 893 313

                  2020                                    20                  116 873     33 948     33 100        144 774        328 695
                  Secured interest-bearing liabilities                                     1 200             -              -     453 086
                  Unsecured interest-bearing liabilities  20                  451 886             -          -              -     787 206
                  Trade and other payables                                                        -          -              -     481 392
                  Bank overdrafts and borrowings on call  26                  787 206

                                                          38.2                481 392

                  Total                                                       1 837 357   35 148     33 100        144 774 2 050 379

 The following outlines the group's maturity analysis for its derivative financial instruments which the group has entered into to
                     cover foreign commitments not yet due (refer to note 38.4.1). The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted gross
                     cash inflows (exports) and outflows (imports) on the derivative instruments that settle on a gross basis.

                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                                                                   R000                R000

                  Less than 1 year                                                                                 (570 924)      (279 571)
                  Gross settled forward foreign exchange contracts - imports                                        457 781        132 290
                  Gross settled forward foreign exchange contracts - exports

                  Total                                                                                            (113 143) (147 281)

            38.3  Credit risk
                  Credit risk arises when a counterparty defaults on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss to the group. Credit risk
                  consists mainly of short-term cash deposits, interest-bearing receivables and contract assets, trade receivables, production
                  incentive receivables and the credit risk exposure described in note 42. The group only deposits short-term cash with
                  approved financial institutions.

                  Trade receivables contain concentration risk in certain markets, particularly where the group sells to independent dealers
                  who distribute the group's products. The granting of credit is controlled by processes based on the group credit policy, credit
                  applications by customers, a credit approval hierarchy, customer account limits, the utilisation of attorneys for collection
                  where necessary and the ongoing monitoring of economic, political and industry conditions in each market. Management
                  undertake ongoing credit evaluations of the financial condition of their customers and steps are taken when an invoice is not
                  paid at due date.

                  The group's credit risk is regularly monitored by a credit committee, consisting of certain directors and senior executives. The
                  credit committee monitors the extension and management of credit by group companies and credit in excess of certain
                  thresholds requires credit committee approval.

                  The group's internal credit risk rating grades are based on the historic performance of financial assets and are categorised
                  into fully performing receivables and past due receivables. Fully performing receivables are those customers that are within
                  credit terms. Customers are in default when the debt is past due and this indicates a significant change in credit risk.

                  In the case of customer default the value of the repossessed equipment may not cover the outstanding receivable amount.
                  The group's credit committee actively monitors credit, collections and the economic, political and industry conditions in
                  each market. In addition, credit enhancements such as deposits, personal guarantees, liens on other property owned by the
                  customer may be required at the time of origination or when there are signs of impairment.

                  Where industry factors or the economic environment impacts the customer's ability to service their debt, the group may
                  renegotiate debt arrangements with customers where the customer's default was due to temporary circumstances and
                  where there has not been a long-term change in the financial condition of the customer. Interest is charged in refinancing
                  arrangements. Renegotiation assists the group to minimise losses and write offs. Renegotiated assets are monitored closely
                  for on-going performance, the condition of the financed equipment and for any change in the financial condition of the
                  customer.

78  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

38. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS continued

            38.3  Credit risk continued
                  Significant overdue customer balances are handed over to attorneys for legal collection. A customer balance is considered
                  credit-impaired and will be written off in full once legal means of recovery has failed and it is believed that the likelihood of
                  recovery is remote. Indicators that the likelihood of recovery is remote includes, amongst others, the liquidation of a debtor.
                  Except in limited circumstances, the group continues to engage in recovery activities even after write off in order to recover
                  amounts due to the group.

                  Interest is usually charged on overdue balances. An allowance has been made for expected credit losses from the sale of
                  goods and services and this has been determined as described in note 14.

                  With the exception of the credit risk disclosed in note 42, the carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial
                  statements, which is net of the allowance for expected credit losses, represents the group's maximum exposure to credit
                  risk. At 31 December 2021, the group does not consider there to be any material credit risk that has not been adequately
                  provided for.

 Credit risk concentration

                  In assessing the recoverability of the receivable balances in BESSA, the group applied the policy for expected credit losses as

                  described in note 14 and in particular considered the following factors that are relevant to these receivable balances:

 · customers' payment history

 · payment past due dates

 · risks the customers are exposed to

 · industries the customers operate in

                  Analysis of credit risk

                  An analysis of the group's credit risk and credit ratings of receivable balances as well as the credit risk concentration in BESSA

                  are presented below:

                                                                               BESSA                                     GROUP
                                                                                                                  (including BESSA)

                  Instalment sale agreements *                2021                                    2020                2021             2020
                                                              R000                                    R000                R000             R000

                  Fully performing receivables                182 824                                 129 002     182 824        129 002
                  Gross                                       182 824                                 129 002     182 824        129 002

                  Past due receivables                        2 417                                        7              2 417                 7
                  Gross                                       3 160                                     413               3 160              413
                  Less: allowance for expected credit losses  (743)                                   (406)               (743)            (406)

                  Balance at end of the period (note 11)      185 241                                 129 009     185 241        129 009

                  * Included in interest-bearing receivables and contract assets on the statement of financial position.

                  An allowance for expected credit losses was raised as reflected in the table above. The remainder of the instalment sale

                  receivables balance is considered recoverable and there has not been a significant change in credit quality. Refer to the

                  impairment considerations in note 5.2.2.

                                                                               BESSA                                     GROUP
                                                                                                                  (including BESSA)

                  Trade receivables **                        2021                                    2020                2021             2020
                                                              R000                                    R000                R000             R000

                  Fully performing receivables                114 542                                 144 971     756 802        505 348
                  Gross                                       114 542                                 144 971     756 877        505 702
                  Less: allowance for expected credit losses
                                                                       -                                       -        (75)         (354)

                  Past due receivables                         35 667                                  35 126      80 902        185 714
                  Gross                                        68 776                                  55 714     128 110        219 964
                  Less: allowance for expected credit losses  (33 109)                                (20 588)    (47 208)       (34 250)

                  Balance at end of the period (note 14)      150 209                                 180 097     837 704        691 062

                  ** Included in trade and other receivables on the statement of financial position.

 The average credit period on the above trade receivable balances is 30 days.

                  An allowance for expected credit losses was raised as reflected in the table above. The remainder of the trade receivables
                  balance is considered recoverable and there has not been a significant change in credit quality. Refer to the impairment
                  considerations in note 5.2.2.

                                                              BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                     79
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

38. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS continued                                                             BESSA                    GROUP
                                                                                                                  (including BESSA)
            38.3 Credit risk continued                                                      2021
 Analysis of credit risk continued                                                          R000       2020       2021                2020
                                                                                                       R000       R000                R000
                     Movement in the allowance for expected credit losses on              20 994
                     instalment sale agreements and trade receivables                             -    19 486     35 010               59 096
                                                                                                               -      869               4 973
                     Balance at beginning of the year                                     12 858
                     Translation differences                                              (3 659)       1 508     12 147              (29 059)
                     Net increase (decrease) in allowance for expected credit losses                      (190)   (3 850)             (31 732)
                     Amounts considered credit-impaired and written off
                     Increase in allowance for expected credit losses, based on lifetime  16 517       1 698      16 888              2 618
                     expected credit losses                                                       -          -       (612)             (258)
                     Decrease in allowance due to cash flows from past due receivables
                     (Decrease) increase in allowance on fully performing receivables,    -                  -    (279)               313
                     based on lifetime expected credit losses

                  Balance at end of the year                                              33 852       20 994     48 026              35 010

                  Refer to note 42 for the group's credit risk exposure under Bell-backed deals relating to the WesBank arrangement.

            38.4  Market risk
                  The group's activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates,
                  residual value risk, political and economic risk and technological risk. There has been no change to the group's exposure to
                  market risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risks.

38.4.1            Currency risk
                  The group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Exchange rate exposures are
                  managed within approved policy parameters utilising forward foreign exchange contracts. The group follows a
                  policy of matching import and export cash flows where possible. The majority of any remaining inward or outward
                  trade exposure is covered forward. In this regard the group has entered into certain forward exchange contracts
                  which do not relate to specific items appearing in the statement of financial position, but which were entered into
                  to cover foreign commitments not yet due. The foreign subsidiaries do not hedge their intra-group purchases.

                  The details of contracts held at 31 December 2021 are listed below. These contracts will be utilised during the next

                  six months. These contracts have been fair valued at the year-end as follows:

                                                                                                                  Market

                                                                                          Foreign                 value               Fair value

                                                                                          amount       Rate       in Rands            gain (loss)

                                                                                          000          R          R000                R000.

                  2021                                                                       5 911     21,04      127 845              3 468
                  Import contracts                                                         15 908      17,98      289 083              3 126
                  British Pound                                                           111 113
                  Euro                                                                                  7,14       15 499                 (67)
                  Japanese Yen                                                               9 095     15,94      145 591                567
                  United States Dollar
                  Export contracts                                                               24    21,42           519                 (5)
                  British Pound                                                              4 369     18,36       79 024              1 208
                  Euro                                                                     23 783      15,85      381 095             (4 059)
                  United States Dollar

                  2020                                                                          497    20,42       10 012                (147)
                  Import contracts                                                            6 735    18,27      122 021             (1 009)
                  British Pound                                                           414 505       6,52       59 391             (4 160)
                  Euro                                                                        5 208    15,90                          (6 089)
                  Japanese Yen                                                                                     76 742
                  United States Dollar                                                        4 482    18,97                           3 842
                  Export contracts                                                            3 044    15,53       81 182              2 427
                  Euro                                                                                             44 840
                  United States Dollar

80  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

38. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS continued

38.4 Market risk continued

 38.4.1 Currency risk continued

  The carrying amounts in South African Rand of the group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and

  monetary liabilities as per the statement of financial position are as follows:

                                                                                   United    British     Other

                                                              Euro States Dollar             Pound currencies

                                                              R000                 R000      R000             R000

  2021

  Financial assets

  Financial assets at amortised cost

  - Interest-bearing receivables                              -                    14 239    -                        -

  - Trade and other receivables                               280 695              341 103   27 076             154

  - Cash and bank balances                                    99 336               27 138    6 100              919

  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
  income

  - Investments                                               -                    58 717    -                        -

  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

  - Other assets (forward foreign exchange contracts)         5 827                4 596     3 468              655

  Financial liabilities                                       194 967                 1 113           -      294
  Financial liabilities at amortised cost                     426 311              138 726   132 623     72 355
  - Interest-bearing liabilities                              120 936
  - Trade and other payables                                                        32 924            -          -
  - Bank overdrafts and borrowings on call                         108
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                          7 669         78       221
  - Other liabilities (forward foreign exchange contracts)

  2020                                                                 -            30 542           -           -
  Financial assets                                            228 542              158 083   16 862       1 143
  Financial assets at amortised cost
  - Interest-bearing receivables                               36 692               17 174    2 372          648
  - Trade and other receivables
  - Cash and bank balances                                          -              33 615            -           -
  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive  7 804                 2 427            -           -
  income
  - Investments                                               219 179               4 458            -       387
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       141 095              76 767    39 423      88 567
  - Other assets (forward foreign exchange contracts)                              16 663    10 387
                                                               73 057                                            -
  Financial liabilities                                                             6 796        892      5 779
  Financial liabilities at amortised cost                        1 009
  - Interest-bearing liabilities
  - Trade and other payables
  - Bank overdrafts and borrowings on call
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
  - Other liabilities (forward foreign exchange contracts)

  The group is mainly exposed to the United States Dollar and the Euro. The analysis below details the group's
  sensitivity to a 10% strengthening or weakening in the South African Rand against major currencies. The analysis
  includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the
  period end for a 10% change in foreign currency rates. A 10% strengthening or weakening in the South African
  Rand represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. A 20%
  strengthening or weakening in the South African Rand was applied up to the end of the prior year.

  For a 10% weakening (2020: 20%) in the South African Rand against major currencies and if all other variables were
  held constant, the group's:
  · profit before taxation for the year ended 31 December 2021 would have decreased by R16,8 million (2020:

           decrease in loss before taxation R60,6 million); and
  · other equity at year-end would have decreased by R11,8 million (2020: R40,6 million decrease).

  For a 10% strengthening (2020: 20%), there would have been an equal and opposite impact on the profit before
  taxation and other equity.

                                      BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                 81
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

38. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS continued

    38.4 Market risk continued



 38.4.2 Interest rate risk

      The group is exposed to interest rate risk as entities in the group borrow funds at floating interest rates. Exposure to

      interest rate risk on borrowings and investments is monitored on a proactive basis. The group's interest rate profile of

      borrowings at 31 December 2021, is as follows:

                                                               Net

                                                             overdraft

                                                             and call    Trade Long-term Long-term                          Total

                                                             balances    finance borrowings borrowings borrowings

      2021                              (R'000)              317 002     173 722     196 375       8 547        695 646
      Borrowings                                             Floating    Floating       Fixed   Floating
      Rate profile                                                                          28
      % of total borrowings                                          46          25                      1

      2020                              (R'000)              398 641     433 630     219 566      98 499    1 150 336
      Borrowings                                             Floating    Floating       Fixed   Floating
      Rate profile                                                                          19
      % of total borrowings                                          35          38                      8

      The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates on borrowings at the end
      of the reporting period.

      For floating rate liabilities, the analysis is prepared assuming the amount of liability outstanding at the end of
      the period was outstanding for the whole year. A 100 basis points increase or decrease is used and represents
      management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

      If interest rates had been 100 basis points higher and all other variables were held constant, the group's:
      · profit before taxation for the year ended 31 December 2021 would have decreased by R5,0 million (2020:

            increase in loss before taxation R9,3 million)
      · profit after taxation and equity would have decreased for the year ended 31 December 2021 by R3,6 million

            (2020: increase in loss after taxation and decrease in equity R6,7 million)

      For a 100 basis points decrease, there would have been an equal and opposite impact on the profit before
      taxation and profit after taxation.

38.4.3 Residual value risk
 Residual value risks are attributable to sales transactions with residual value guarantees.

      Residual value risks are the risks that the assessed market value of the equipment is less than what was expected
      when the contracts were entered into. Refer to notes 27.1.5 and 23.1 for information on the transactions entered
      into by the group.

      The group manages residual value risk through ongoing assessments of the market values of the underlying
      equipment. Current and anticipated market conditions are assessed on an ongoing basis. Other conditions such
      as product development, environmental regulations and competitor actions are also considered in assessing the
      group's exposure to residual value risk.

    38.5 Transfers of financial assets

Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised

    During the year, the group discounted certain instalment sale receivables (refer to note 11) to a financial institution with full

    recourse to the group. The group carries all the credit risk associated with these assets and therefore these financial assets

    do not qualify for derecognition. A corresponding liability for the funds received from the financial institution is recognised in

    interest-bearing liabilities as disclosed in note 20.2.

    The carrying amounts of the transferred assets and associated liabilities of instalment sale agreements are presented below:

                                                                                                2021                        2020

                                                                                     Notes      R000                        R000

    Instalment sale receivables                                                      11         12 120                    66 598
    Collateralised borrowings
                                                                                     20.2       (841)           (41 034)
    Net position
                                                                                                11 279                    25 564

    The group considers the carrying amount of the transferred assets and the related borrowings to approximate their fair
    values.

82  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

            Accounting policy

            Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the
            other party in making financial or operational decisions. Related parties have been defined as shareholders and key management
            personnel (directors and the group's executive committee) including close members of their families, and entities over which these
            individuals or their close family members have a controlling interest.

            Related party transactions constitute the transfer of resources, services or obligations between the group and a party related to
            the group, regardless of whether a price is charged.

The group enters into various transactions with related parties. All transactions are carried out on an arms length basis on terms no
more favourable than those entered into with third parties, with the exception of those transactions entered into with the BBBEE
parties below.

Details of transactions between the group and related parties and balances at the year-end are detailed below:

                                                                              2021                                            2020
                                                                                                                              R000
Shareholders                                                                  R000

John Deere Construction and Forestry Company *                                 10 764                                   15 536
- sales                                                                       195 519                                  334 575
- purchases
- royalties paid                                                                 4 461                                    3 124
- warranty claims paid                                                                 -                                  3 851
- warranty claims received
- interest received                                                              1 173                                          -
- interest paid                                                                      41                                         -
- computer licence fees, training and related expenses                                 -                                        7
- amounts owing to - trade and other payables                                          -                                    497
- amounts owing by - trade and other receivables                                       -                                89 402
                                                                                       -                                  4 921
I A Bell and Company (Pty) Ltd
- amounts owing by - recovery of costs relating to shareholder action              729                                          -

* John Deere Construction and Forestry Company ceased being a related party at the end of September 2021 when their
      interest was purchased by I A Bell and Company (Pty) Ltd, which is the parent company of the group. The current period
      above reflects transactions up to the end of September 2021.

Directors and group executive committee members who are BBBEE shareholders *                                      122         87

A Goordeen                                                                                                        974         987
- interest received
- amounts owing by **

D Chinnappen                                                                                                      122         87
- interest received
- amounts owing by **                                                                                             974         987

D Mashika (resigned 31 October 2021)                                                                              -           87
- interest received
- amounts owing by **                                                                                             -           987

* Details of the BBBEE ownership transaction concluded in December 2019 are included in note 19.2.
** The BBBEE shareholders' loan balances are included as part of interest-bearing receivables. Refer to note 11.

                                      BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                               83
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS continued

    Enterprises in which directors have a controlling interest   2021                                                               2020
                                                                 R000                                                               R000
    BAC Helicopters CC
    - aircraft repairs, maintenance and related expenses            90                                                                   -

    Latin Equipment SA                                          5 720                                                                    -
    - sales                                                       461                                                                    -
    - amounts owing by
                                                                    43                                                                   -
    Latin Uruguay SA                                                90                                                                   -
    - sales
    - amounts owing by                                              40                                                                   -
                                                                3 643                                                                    -
    Loinette Company Leasing Limited                                                                                                     -
    - financing fee paid                                              5
    - amounts owing by
    - amounts owing to

    Amounts outstanding are unsecured. Amounts will be settled in cash, except for the BBBEE shareholders' loans which will be settled
    by dividends.

    Related party balances have been included as part of trade and other receivables in assessing recoverability and in the
    collective assessment of expected credit losses. No allowance for expected credit losses has been recognised in the current
    period (2020: Rnil) in respect of the amounts owed by related parties, because amounts are considered to be recoverable and no
    amounts have been written off as credit-impaired.

    Compensation of key management personnel
    The remuneration of executive directors and prescribed officers is reflected in note 43.

    The remuneration of executive directors and key management is determined by the board having regard to the performance of
    individuals and market trends.

40. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

            40.1  Russia-Ukraine conflict
                  On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded neighbouring country Ukraine and this has brought about severe sanctions and other
                  international governmental measures imposed on Russia. Supply into Russia from all Bell group operations has ceased.
                  All export control regulations and economic sanctions that apply will continue to be complied with and legal advice
                  will continue to be sought from the group's external legal advisors on this. Bell will continue to monitor the situation in the
                  Ukraine, which is fluid, the responses of international markets and governments and the impact on the group's suppliers and
                  supply chain. The equipment intended for sale by the group in Russia for the remainder of 2022 has been reallocated to
                  other markets. In 2021, sales in Russia comprised approximately 3% of total group sales.

            40.2  Change in South African corporate tax rate
                  On 23 February 2022 the Finance Minister announced a reduction in the South African corporate tax rate on companies
                  from 28% to 27% effective for years of assessment commencing on or after 1 April 2022. Management has calculated an
                  impact on the group's deferred taxation balances at 31 December 2021 of approximately R5,0 million and concluded that it
                  is not significant.

                  No other fact or circumstance material to the appreciation of these financial statements has occurred between 31
                  December 2021 and the date of this report.

84  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

41. COMPOSITION OF THE GROUP

            Accounting policy

            Basis of consolidation
            The financial statements incorporate the financial position and results of the company and of its subsidiaries. The results of
            subsidiaries are included from the dates the company obtains control and ceases when the company loses control of the
            subsidiary. The company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
            changes to the elements of control.

            When the company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting
            rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The company considers
            all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the company's voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it
            power, including:
            · the size of the company's holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;
            · potential voting rights held by the company, other vote holders or other parties;
            · rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
            · any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the company has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the

                  relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings.

            Except for K2017044733 (South Africa) (RF) Proprietary Limited (the BESSA BEE SPV) and K2019577563 (South Africa) (RF) Proprietary
            Limited (BEE Manco), the group's control is exercised directly by holding the majority of the voting rights of the ordinary shares in all
            its subsidiaries.

            Control over K2017044733 (South Africa) (RF) Proprietary Limited (the BESSA BEE SPV)
            The group established this entity with the sole purpose to acquire and maintain BBBEE credentials for Bell Equipment Sales South
            Africa Limited (BESSA) (see note 19.1). The activities of this entity are predetermined and it is designed in such a way that any
            amendment to the mandate in terms of the Memorandum of Incorporation requires the company's approval. Even though all
            the ordinary shares in the entity are held by external shareholders, the BESSA BEE SPV cannot effect any transaction that affects
            the BESSA BEE SPV's shareholding in BESSA and its BBBEE credentials without the written consent from the company. As such,
            management concludes that the group has power over the BESSA BEE SPV and has the ability to direct and affect the variable
            returns from its involvement with the BESSA BEE SPV. The group controls the BESSA BEE SPV and the results have therefore been
            consolidated. The entity is also a shareholder in the 2019 BEE transaction described in note 19.2 of the financial statements.

            Control over K2019577563 (South Africa) (RF) Proprietary Limited (BEE Manco)
            The group established this entity with the sole purpose to acquire and maintain BBBEE credentials for BECSA and BESSA (see
            note 19.2). BEE Manco is subject to a 10 year lock-in period during which they will be unable to sell shares held in the group. The
            directors of BEE Manco have limited power to make decisions without the prior approval of the company. The company has
            power to direct the relevant activities of BEE Manco during the lock-in period. The company has the right to variable returns
            from its involvement with BEE Manco and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over BEE Manco. The company
            therefore controls BEE Manco. The results of the BEE Manco have therefore been consolidated by the company as part of its group
            financial statements.

            Control over the broad based trust, Bell Equipment Foundation (BEF)
            The trust was founded by the group in 2017 and the sole purpose of the trust is to hold shares in BESSA (see note 19.1.2) and to
            distribute dividends earned to participating beneficiaries. In terms of the trust deed, the group may at any time appoint or remove
            trustees. The group also directs the activities by determining the approved list of beneficiaries to whom distributions should be
            made by the trust in order to achieve the trust objectives. The decision making powers around the design and the purpose of the
            trust remains with the group. These activities allow the group to obtain variable returns from the BBBEE credentials in the trust. The
            group therefore controls the trust and the results have therefore been consolidated. The entity is also a shareholder in the 2019 BEE
            transaction described in note 19.2 of the financial statements.

            Intra-group adjustments
            All intra-group transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated on consolidation. Where necessary, adjustments are
            made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into line with those used by the group.

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  85
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

41. COMPOSITION OF THE GROUP continued

    41.1 Information about the composition of the group

    The group structure is presented on pages 2 and 3 of this report.

    Information about the composition of the group at year-end is as follows:

    Subsidiaries                                                       Business      Principal   Profit (loss)   Profit (loss)
                                                                            type      activity  for the year    for the year
    Southern Africa
    BECSA Holdings Limited                                                      H                        2021            2020
    Bell Equipment Company SA Proprietary Limited                               O                        R000            R000
    Bell Equipment Group Services Proprietary Limited                           O
    Bell Equipment Sales South Africa Limited                                   O    H          4 657           1 509
    Bell Equipment SA Holdings Limited                                          H
    I A Bell Equipment Company (Namibia) (Proprietary) Limited                  D    M          40 238          47 010
    Bell Equipment Company (Swaziland) (Proprietary) Limited                    O
    K2017044733 (South Africa) (RF) Proprietary Limited                         O    G          (80 672)        (217 779)
    Bell Equipment Foundation                                                   O
    Bell Equipment Properties SA Proprietary Limited                            O    S          33 315          31 703
    K2019577563 (South Africa) (RF) Proprietary Limited                         O
                                                                                     H          (1 330)         (649)
    Other Africa                                                                O
    Bell Equipment Zambia Limited                                               O    D          (167)           1 473
    Bell PTA (Private) Limited                                                  D
    Bell Equipment DRC SARLU                                                         S          2 948           (718)
                                                                                H
    Europe                                                                        I  B          1 216           1 100
    Bell Equipment International SA                                               I
    Bell International Finance Limited                                          O    T          (204)           125
    Bell Euro Finance Limited                                                   O
    Bell France SAS                                                             O    P          16 090          16 282
    Bell Equipment UK Limited                                                   O
    Bell Equipment (Deutschland) GmbH                                                B          728             132
    Bell Equipment Russland LLC                                                 O
                                                                                     S          5 423           (24 223)
    United States of America                                                    O                                 1 827
    Bell Equipment North America Inc                                                 S          104 089           1 267

    Australasia                                                                      D          2 225             3 140
    Bell Equipment Australia Pty Ltd                                                                              3 246
                                                                                     H          30 606            9 797
                                                                                                                  2 718
                                                                                     I          1 875            (7 001)
                                                                                                                (13 376)
                                                                                     I          9 890             6 536

                                                                                     S          6 462

                                                                                     S          50 288

                                                                                     A          39 297

                                                                                     S          25 968

                                                                                     S          28 447          15 131

                                                                                     S          2 303           1 329

    A-  Assembly plant, sales and logistics operation
    B-  BBBEE company
    D-  Dormant companies
    G-  Group services company
    H-  Holding companies
    I-  Intra-group loan investment companies
    M-  Manufacturing plant, sales and logistics operation
    O-  Operating companies
    P-  Property investment company
    S-  Sales operation
    T-  BBBEE Trust

86  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

41. COMPOSITION OF THE GROUP continued

41.2 Entities with a BBBEE ownership
        In 2017 and 2019, the group entered into BBBEE ownership transactions relating to Bell Equipment Sales South Africa Limited
        (BESSA). Details of the transactions are disclosed in notes 19.1 and 19.2. BESSA's principal place of business is South Africa.

  Summarised financial information about BESSA is presented below                                2021        2020
  and represents amounts before intra-group eliminations:                                        R000        R000

  Non-current assets                                                                         457 391     559 292
  Current assets                                                                             941 858   1 160 745
  Non-current liabilities                                                                    745 725
  Current liabilities                                                                        551 182     766 790
  Revenue                                                                                  3 026 829     879 619
  Profit for the year                                                                                  2 947 823
  Total comprehensive income for the year                                                      33 315
                                                                                               33 315      31 939
                                                                                                           31 939

  In 2019, the group entered into a BBBEE ownership transaction with effect from 1 January 2020 relating to Bell Equipment
  Company SA Proprietary Limited (BECSA). Details of the transaction are disclosed in note 19.2. BECSA's principal place of
  business is South Africa.

  Summarised financial information about BECSA is presented below                            281 213     299 743
  and represents amounts before intra-group eliminations:                                  2 191 811   2 182 415
                                                                                           1 257 726   1 117 954
  Non-current assets                                                                       1 119 402   1 264 957
  Current assets                                                                           4 136 914   3 237 098
  Non-current liabilities
  Current liabilities                                                                          40 238      47 010
  Revenue                                                                                      40 238      47 010
  Profit for the year
  Total comprehensive income for the year

41.3 Significant restrictions
        Certain restrictions imposed by the banks and the IDC are reflected in note 38.2.

  In terms of a general banking facility held by BESSA, the repayment of capital and interest on intra-group loans as well as
  dividend payments require approval from the relevant financial institution before such payments are made. At year-end the
  carrying amount of the intra-group loan in BESSA was R271,6 million (2020: R271,6 million).

  Except for the limitations of exchange control regulations and availability of currency in the local markets in which certain
  group companies operate, there are no other significant restrictions on cash transfers and capital distributions to and from
  group companies.

  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                                                                  87
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

42. FINANCING VENTURE WITH WESBANK

    42.1 Accounting policy

    The group has a financing venture with WesBank, a division of FirstRand Bank Limited, in order to assist customers with the
    financing of equipment purchased from the group. The group's credit backing enables the customer to obtain financing
    from WesBank and provides no interest benefit to the customer. In terms of the agreement with WesBank, the group earns
    commission on transactions financed through the financing venture which is accounted for as other operating income.

    Capital funding for the venture is provided by WesBank and the group's investment is limited to the 25% cash collateral
    paid on Bell-backed deals (described in (b) below). WesBank is responsible for ensuring that sufficient capital is made
    available. WesBank determines the credit pricing of all approved deals for all categories of financing provided. The
    financial assets within the financing venture are managed by WesBank and the financing venture is dependent on
    WesBank for critical services such as finance and credit expertise. The group is responsible for promoting financing of
    equipment through this financing venture and for assisting with the market strategy.

    The following categories of financing are provided for in the arrangement:

    (a) Transactions where no credit risk is carried by the group

 All credit applications are subject to approval by WesBank in its sole discretion. The group carries no credit risk on these

    transactions.

(b) Specific transactions where the group carries all the credit risk (Bell-backed deals)
 These transactions are credit applications that have initially been declined by WesBank but based on the group's

                             backing are financed through the financing venture. Where the group carries all the credit risk, the group is liable for
                             the full balance due to WesBank by default customers. The net credit risk is reflected in note 42.3 below. The group
                             is required to invest an amount with WesBank equal to 25% of the value of the financing provided by WesBank to
                             customers as collateral in respect of these transactions. This investment, which earns interest at the cost of capital of
                             the financing venture, is reflected as contract assets in note 11. The cash investment is adjusted for anticipated credit
                             losses and these are recognised in the statement of profit or loss as an adjustment to revenue (note 42.3).

(c) Specific transactions where the group carries some of the credit risk (Bell-shared risk deals)
 In these transactions WesBank requires support either due to the credit risk profile of the customer or the specific

                             structuring of the financing deal. In respect of these shared risk deals, the group is at risk for a portion of the balance
                             due to WesBank by default customers. Applications from customers are categorised into WesBank's risk grading system,
                             by WesBank in its sole discretion, with the risk category determining the level of risk shared by the group. The group's
                             exposure is calculated as a percentage of the net selling price of the equipment. No collateral investment is required by
                             the group to support these transactions. A refund liability is recognised with a corresponding adjustment to revenue to
                             account for anticipated credit losses. The risk of customer default on Bell-shared risk deals is reflected in note 42.4 below.

    The group's credit risk exposure with regards to Bell-backed deals and Bell-shared risk transactions is approved and
    assessed by the group's credit committee.

Revenue recognition of transactions with credit risk undertakings

    Where the group has provided a credit backing to customers under Bell-backed or Bell-shared risk deals, revenue is

    recognised if control over the goods has passed to the customer and the group has satisfied its performance obligation in

    terms of its contract with the customer.

    On initial recognition of revenue, an assessment of the transaction price is performed and revenue is recognised to the
    extent that it is highly probable that a reversal of revenue will not occur in future periods due to customer default. The
    security that the group and WesBank have in the financed equipment is taken into consideration in this assessment. A refund
    liability to WesBank is recognised for the portion of the transaction price not recognised in revenue. Based on the group's
    history of these transactions, the rate of customer default is low and in the group's judgement the likelihood of reversal of
    revenue is considered to be insignificant. The group's net credit risk exposure is disclosed in notes 42.3 and 42.4 below.

    Subsequent to initial recognition, where customers are in arrears with WesBank and there is a shortfall between the
    estimated realisation values of the equipment and the balances due by the customers to WesBank, an assessment of
    any additional security is done on an individual contract basis and the cash investment is adjusted and a refund liability
    is recognised to the extent of the group's liability towards WesBank and with a debit to revenue. A corresponding right of
    recovery asset is recognised for the value of the equipment held as security where the group anticipates repossession of
    the machine.

    In assessing the group's credit risk exposure and the likelihood of reversal of revenue relating to these transactions, the
    group also uses an expected default rate based on historical trends and forward-looking information to measure expected
    credit losses on a portfolio basis. The group uses the same inputs and factors and considers the same forward-looking and
    macroeconomic information as described in the group's accounting policy for impairment of trade receivables (refer to
    note 14) when measuring the expected credit losses.

Control over WesBank financing venture

    Management applied judgement and has used the guidance in IFRS 11 and IFRS 10 in assessing whether the group has a

    controlling interest in the WesBank financing venture. Consideration is given to the terms of the agreement and the group's

    decision making rights with regards to the relevant activities of the financing venture. The group only earns commission from

    transactions financed through the financing venture. Management concludes that the group does not control the relevant

    activities. The relevant activities are controlled by WesBank.

88  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

42. FINANCING VENTURE WITH WESBANK continued                                                                2021        2020
                                                                                                            R000        R000
            42.2 Commission
                       The group's commission for the year included in other operating income amounted to      922         546

42.3 Bell-backed deals                                                                                      112 739     165 612
           At year-end the group's credit risk exposure to WesBank under Bell-backed deals,
           for which the group carries all the credit risk, totalled                                        161 521     262 802
                                                                                                            (48 782)    (97 190)
           In the event of default, the equipment financed would be recovered and it is estimated that
           on re-sale the equipment would presently realise the following towards the above liabilities       (5 824)     (4 319)
                                                                                                            (17 471)             -
           Less: allowance for expected credit losses against cash collateral
           Less: refund liability recognised                                                                         -           -

           Net credit risk relating to WesBank Bell-backed transactions

All customer balances in the portfolio were assessed on the basis described in note 42.1 and as             23 295              -
a result, the following amounts were recognised with respect to default customers included in               17 672             -
the balances above:                                                                                         17 471              -
Reversal of revenue                                                                                                            -
Reversal of cost of sales                                                                                    5 824             -
Refund liability recognised (note 23.3)                                                                     17 672
                                                                                                                        39 367
Impairment of cash collateral asset (note 11)

Right-of-recovery asset recognised (note 13)

Based on the insignificant historical loss rate on Bell-backed transactions, market conditions, market prices
which are expected to be realised for the equipment held as security, management concluded
that the risk of expected credit losses on a portfolio basis was reduced to an insignificant amount.

The carrying amount of the 25% cash collateral in respect of these Bell-backed deals at year-               25 187
end was (refer to note 11)

42.4 Bell-shared risk deals                                                                                 138         410
           At year-end the group's credit risk exposure to WesBank under Bell-shared risk deals, for which
           the group carries a portion of the credit risk, totalled                                         449         140

           In the event of default, the equipment financed would be recovered and it is estimated that      (311)       270
           on re-sale the equipment would presently realise the following towards the above liabilities
                                                                                                               -            -
           Less: refund liability recognised
           Net credit risk relating to WesBank Bell-shared risk transactions                                   -        270

           The group's maximum exposure to loss is reflected in notes 42.3 and 42.4 above.

BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                                                               89
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

43. DIRECTORS' AND PRESCRIBED OFFICERS' REMUNERATION

    Paid to executive directors of the company by the company's subsidiary:

                                                                    Pension/                                Other
                                                                                                   benefits and
                                                                    Provident      Incentive        allowances        2021     2020
                                                                                   payment                            Total    Total
                                                           Salary            fund                             R000    R000     R000
                                                                                         R000
    Executive directors                                    R000              R000                                    5 100     4 556
                                                                                                                     3 423     2 999
    L Goosen                                               4 286             570              133  111               1 844
    KJ van Haght                                                                                                                     -
    A Goordeen (appointed 18 June 2021)                    2 911             383              88   41               10 367
                                                                                                                               7 555
                                                           1 505             203              77   59

    Total                                                  8 702    1 156                     298  211

    Paid to prescribed officers of the company's subsidiaries by the company's subsidiaries:

                                                                    Pension/                                 Other
                                                                                                   benefits and
                                                                    Provident Incentive             allowances        2021       2020
                                                                                                                      Total      Total
                                                           Salary            fund payment                     R000    R000       R000

    Prescribed officers                                    R000              R000  R000                              1 248      2 623
                                                                                                                     1 459      6 597
    A Goordeen (appointed as an alternate executive        971               131              -    146               3 164      2 702
    director on 18 June 2021)                                                                                        2 989      2 596
                                                                                                                     3 033      3 218
    N Paynter (expatriate salary, resigned 31 March 2021)  1 136             88               -    235               5 035      5 802
                                                                                                                     3 490      2 934
    DB Chinnappen                                          2 505             334              77   248                          2 570
                                                                                                                            -   2 344
    SR Jones                                               2 538             334              77   40                2 823      1 647
                                                                                                                     1 899
    DN Mashika (resigned 31 October 2021)                  1 990             285              -    758                         33 033
                                                                                                                    25 140
    A Mayer (expatriate salary)                            4 050             309              100  576

    DE Morris                                              2 786             368              83   253

    HW van der Walt (resigned 30 November 2020)            -                 -                -    -

    JJ van Wyngaardt                                       2 163             293              66   301

    D McIlrath                                             1 633             212              49   5

    Total                                                  19 772   2 354                     452  2 562

    Other benefits and allowances comprise vehicle allowances, travel allowances and reimbursive allowances, annual leave

    encashments and the group's contributions to medical aid and life insurance.

                                                                                                                    2021       2020
                                                                                                                               Fees
                                                                                                                    Fees       R000

    Paid to non-executive directors of the company by the company:                                                  R000         919
                                                                                                                                 497
    Non-executive directors                                                                                         1 602        907
    JR Barton (resigned 16 February 2022)                                                                             582        753
    AJ Bell                                                                                                                      589
    GW Bell                                                                                                         1 060        606
    DH Lawrance                                                                                                     1 323        534
    R Naidu                                                                                                         1 151
    ME Ramathe                                                                                                      1 171      4 805
    HR van der Merwe                                                                                                1 013

    Total                                                                                                           7 902

90  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

43. DIRECTORS' AND PRESCRIBED OFFICERS' REMUNERATION continued

The following reconciles the number of unexercised share options held by directors and prescribed officers at the end of the year:

                                                 Balance at                   Balance at                                      Balance at
                                              31 December                                                                  31 December
                                                                              31 December
                                                         2019                                                                         2021
                                                               Expired        2020           Forfeited      Expired

Executive directors                 Exercise  Number of        Number of      Number of      Number of      Number of      Number of
and prescribed officers                price      options          options        options        options        options        options

L Goosen                               10,48      100 000         (100 000)               -              -              -              -
                                       13,06       50 000                  -       50 000                -      (50 000)               -
                                       21,35       30 000                  -       30 000                -                      30 000
                                                                                                                        -

Total                                         180 000          (100 000)      80 000         -              (50 000)       30 000

KJ van Haght                        10,48     100 000          (100 000)            -        -              -                       -
                                    13,06      50 000                   -     50 000
                                    21,35      30 000                   -     30 000         -              (50 000)                -

                                                                                             -              -              30 000

Total                                         180 000          (100 000)      80 000         -              (50 000)       30 000

A Goordeen                          10,48     100 000          (100 000)            -        -              -                       -
                                    13,06      50 000                   -     50 000
                                    21,35      30 000                   -     30 000         -              (50 000)                -

                                                                                             -              -              30 000

Total                                         180 000          (100 000)      80 000         -              (50 000)       30 000

N Paynter (resigned 31 March 2021)  10,48     60 000           (60 000)       -              -              -                       -

                                    13,06     30 000           -              30 000         (30 000)       -                       -

                                    21,35     15 000           -              15 000         (15 000)       -                       -

Total                                         105 000          (60 000)       45 000         (45 000)       -                       -

DB Chinnappen                       10,48     100 000          (100 000)            -        -              -                       -
                                    13,06      50 000                   -     50 000
                                    21,35      30 000                   -     30 000         -              (50 000)                -

                                                                                             -              -              30 000

Total                                         180 000          (100 000)      80 000         -              (50 000)       30 000

A Mayer                             10,48     55 000           (55 000)             -        -              -                       -
                                    13,06     30 000                  -       30 000
                                    21,35     15 000                  -       15 000         -              (30 000)                -

                                                                                             -              -              15 000

Total                                         100 000          (55 000)       45 000         -              (30 000)       15 000

SR Jones                            10,48     60 000           (60 000)             -        -              -                       -
                                    13,06     30 000                  -       30 000
                                    21,35     15 000                  -       15 000         -              (30 000)                -

                                                                                             -              -              15 000

Total                                         105 000          (60 000)       45 000         -              (30 000)       15 000

JJ van Wyngaardt                    13,06     7 500            -              7 500          -              (7 500)                 -
                                    21,35     3 000
                                                               -              3 000          -              -              3 000

Total                                         10 500           -              10 500         -              (7 500)        3 000

GRAND TOTAL                                   1 040 500        (575 000)      465 500        (45 000)       (267 500)      153 000

                                              BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021                    91
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

43. DIRECTORS' AND PRESCRIBED OFFICERS' REMUNERATION continued

The following reconciles the number of phantom share awards held by directors and prescribed officers at the end of the year:

                                    Balance at                            Balance at                                       Balance at
                                 31 December
                                                                          31 December                                      31 December
                                            2019
                                                  Granted     Forfeited   2020         Granted     Expired     Forfeited       2021

Executive directors      Strike  Number of        Number of   Number of   Number of    Number of   Number of   Number of   Number of
and prescribed officers  price       awards           awards      awards      awards       awards      awards      awards      awards

L Goosen                 13,53   247 000          -           -           247 000      -           (82 331)    -           164 669

                         -       138 000          -           -           138 000      -           (46 000)    -           92 000

                         12,68   247 000          -           -           247 000      -           -           -           247 000

                         -       138 000          -           -           138 000      -           -           -           138 000

                         8,88    -                247 000     -           247 000      -           -           -           247 000

                         -       -                138 000     -           138 000      -           -           -           138 000

                         6,52    -                -           -           -            247 000     -           -           247 000

                         -       -                -           -           -            138 000     -           -           138 000

Total                            770 000          385 000     -           1 155 000    385 000     (128 331)   -           1 411 669

KJ van Haght             13,53   132 000          -           -           132 000      -           (44 000)    -           88 000

                         -       74 000           -           -           74 000       -           (24 666)    -           49 334

                         12,68   132 000          -           -           132 000      -           -           -           132 000

                         -       74 000           -           -           74 000       -           -           -           74 000

                         8,88    -                132 000     -           132 000      -           -           -           132 000

                         -       -                74 000      -           74 000       -           -           -           74 000

                         6,52    -                -           -           -            132 000     -           -           132 000

                         -       -                -           -           -            74 000      -           -           74 000

Total                            412 000          206 000     -           618 000      206 000     (68 666)    -           755 334
A Goordeen                       132 000                  -
                         13,53    74 000                  -   -           132 000      -           (44 000)    -           88 000
                              -
                                                              -           74 000       -           (24 666)    -           49 334

                         12,68   132 000          -           -           132 000      -           -           -           132 000

                         -       74 000           -           -           74 000       -           -           -           74 000

                         8,88    -                132 000     -           132 000      -           -           -           132 000

                         -       -                74 000      -           74 000       -           -           -           74 000

                         6,52    -                -           -           -            132 000     -           -           132 000

                         -       -                -           -           -            74 000      -           -           74 000

Total                            412 000          206 000     -           618 000      206 000     (68 666)    -           755 334

N Paynter                13,53   62 000           -           -           62 000       -           -           (62 000)        -

(resigned 31 March 2021  -       35 000           -           -           35 000       -           -           (35 000)        -

                         12,68   62 000           -           -           62 000       -           -           (62 000)        -

                         -       35 000           -           -           35 000       -           -           (35 000)        -

                         8,88    -                62 000      -           62 000       -           -           (62 000)        -

                         -       -                35 000      -           35 000       -           -           (35 000)        -

                         6,52    -                -           -           -            62 000      -           (62 000)        -

                         -       -                -           -           -            35 000      -           (35 000)        -

Total                            194 000          97 000      -           291 000      97 000      -           (388 000)       -

DE Morris                13,53   62 000           -           -           62 000       -           (20 667)    -           41 333

                         -       35 000           -           -           35 000       -           (11 667)    -           23 333

                         12,68   62 000           -           -           62 000       -           -           -           62 000

                         -       35 000           -           -           35 000       -           -           -           35 000

                         8,88    -                62 000      -           62 000       -           -           -           62 000

                         -       -                35 000      -           35 000       -           -           -           35 000

                         6,52    -                -           -           -            62 000      -           -           62 000

                              -          -              -     -           -            35 000             -    -           35 000
                         13,53   194 000          97 000                               97 000      (32 334)
Total                             62 000                      -           291 000                  (20 667)    -           355 666
DB Chinnappen                                           -                                    -
                                                              -           62 000                               -           41 333

                         -       35 000           -           -           35 000       -           (11 667)    -           23 333

                         12,68   62 000           -           -           62 000       -           -           -           62 000

                         -       35 000           -           -           35 000       -           -           -           35 000

                         8,88    -                62 000      -           62 000       -           -           -           62 000

                         -       -                35 000      -           35 000       -           -           -           35 000

                         6,52    -                -           -           -            62 000      -           -           62 000

                         -       -                -           -           -            35 000      -           -           35 000

Total                            194 000          97 000      -           291 000      97 000      (32 334)    -           355 666

92          BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

43. DIRECTORS' AND PRESCRIBED OFFICERS' REMUNERATION continued

                                        Balance at                               Balance at                                             Balance at
                                     31 December
                                                                                 31 December                                            31 December
                                                2019
                                                        Granted      Forfeited   2020           Granted         Expired     Forfeited   2021
                                                      Number of                               Number of      Number of
Executive directors          Strike  Number of                       Number of   Number of                                  Number of   Number of
and prescribed officers      price       awards           awards         awards      awards       awards         awards         awards      awards
SR Jones                                                          -                                       -      (20 667)
                             13,53   62 000                       -  -           62 000                   -      (11 667)   -           41 333
Total                                                             -                                       -
D McIlrath                   -       35 000                       -  -           35 000                   -              -  -           23 333
                                                                                                          -              -
Total                        12,68   62 000                62 000    -           62 000                   -              -  -           62 000
A Mayer                                                    35 000                                                        -
                             -       35 000                          -           35 000            62 000                -  -           35 000
Total                                                             -                                35 000                -
HW van der Walt              8,88    -                            -  -           62 000            97 000        (32 334)   -           62 000
(resigned 30 November 2020)                                97 000                                                (20 667)
                             -       -                            -  -           35 000                   -      (11 667)   -           35 000
Total                                                             -                                       -              -
JJ van Wyngaardt             6,52    -                            -  -           -                        -              -  -           62 000
                                                                  -                                       -              -
Total                        -       -                     62 000    -           -                        -              -  -           35 000
D Mashika                                                  35 000                                         -              -
(resigned 31 October 2021)           194 000                      -  -           291 000           62 000                -  -           355 666
Total                                                             -                                35 000        (32 334)
GRAND TOTAL                  13,53   62 000                97 000    -           62 000            97 000        (20 667)   -           41 333
                                                                  -                                       -      (11 667)
                             -       35 000                       -  -           35 000                   -              -  -           23 333
                                                                  -                                       -              -
                             12,68   62 000                       -  -           62 000                   -              -  -           62 000
                                                           62 000                                         -              -
                             -       35 000                35 000    -           35 000                   -              -  -           35 000
                                                                  -                                62 000                -
                             8,88    -                            -  -           62 000            35 000        (32 334)   -           62 000
                                                           97 000                                  97 000                -
                             -       -                            -  -           35 000                   -              -  -           35 000
                                                                  -                                       -              -
                             6,52    -                            -  -           -                        -             -   -           62 000
                                                                 -                                       -              -
                             -       -                    62 000     -           -                       -               -  -           35 000
                                                           35 000                                         -              -
                                     194 000               97 000    -           291 000                  -      (20 667)   -           355 666
                                                                  -                                       -      (11 667)
                             13,53   62 000                       -  -           62 000                   -              -  -           41 333
                                                                  -                                       -              -
                             -       35 000                       -  -           35 000                   -              -  -           23 333
                                                           62 000                                         -              -
                             12,68   62 000                35 000    -           62 000                   -              -  -           62 000
                                                                  -                                62 000                -
                             -       35 000                       -  -           35 000            35 000        (32 334)   -           35 000
                                                           97 000                                  97 000               -
                             8,88    -                    62 000     -           62 000                  -              -   -           62 000
                                                          35 000                                         -              -
                             -       -                           -   -           35 000           62 000                -   -           35 000
                                                                 -                                35 000                 -
                             6,52    -                     97 000    -           -                 97 000      (459 667)    -           62 000
                                                       1 670 000                               1 573 000
                             -       -                               -           -                                          -           35 000

                                     194 000                         -           291 000                                    -           355 666

                             13,53   62 000                          (62 000)    -                                          -               -

                             -       35 000                          (35 000)    -                                          -               -

                             12,68   62 000                          (62 000)    -                                          -               -

                             -       35 000                          (35 000)    -                                          -               -

                             8,88    -                               (62 000)    -                                          -               -

                             -       -                               (35 000)    -                                          -               -

                                     194 000                         (291 000)   -                                          -               -

                             13,53   62 000                          -           62 000                                     -           41 333

                             -       35 000                          -           35 000                                     -           23 333

                             12,68   62 000                          -           62 000                                     -           62 000

                             -       35 000                          -           35 000                                     -           35 000

                             8,88    -                               -           62 000                                     -           62 000

                             -       -                               -           35 000                                     -           35 000

                             6,52    -                               -           -                                          -           62 000

                             -       -                               -           -                                          -           35 000

                                     194 000                         -           291 000                                    -           355 666

                             8,88    -                               -           62 000                                     (62 000)        -

                             -       -                               -           35 000                                     (35 000)        -

                             6,52    -                               -           -                                          (62 000)        -

                             -       -                               -           -                                          (35 000)        -

                                     -                               -           97 000                                     (194 000)       -

                                     3 146 000                       (291 000)   4 525 000                                  (582 000) 5 056 333

                                                                     BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021          93
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 31 December 2021

44. GOVERNMENT GRANTS

            Accounting policy

            Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the group will comply with the conditions attaching
            to them and that the grants will be received.

            Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving
            immediate financial support to the group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they
            become receivable.

            Government grants relating to the acquisition of property, plant and equipment are included in the carrying amount of the asset
            and released to profit or loss over the expected useful lives of the assets concerned as a reduced depreciation expense.

    Profit from operating activities includes the following government grants:                        2021    2020
    - The Automotive Production Development Programme (APDP) *                                        R000    R000
    * This income relates to production rebate certificates the group received under the programme
                                                                                                    90 884  62 630
          and which are sold to another party. Refer to notes 14 and 28.
    Included in property, plant and equipment are the following government grants:                   4 125   7 216
    - The Automotive Investment Scheme (AIS)                                                        22 984  23 074
    - Improvement of Regional Economic Structures Programme (GRW) **

    ** The programme is a cash incentive grant from the German authorities to advance current capital projects. The investment
          grant is earmarked for a period of 5 years and was awarded for the building construction at the group's assembly facility in
          Germany.

94  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Information not covered by the independent auditor's report
Shareholder analysis

Register date: 31 December 2021        Number of               Number of
Issued share capital: 95 629 385
                                       shareholdings  %        shares                             %

SHAREHOLDER SPREAD                     3 844           84,26       335 869                           0,35
1 - 1,000 shares                         532           11,66    2 038 081                            2,13
1,001 - 10,000 shares                    147                    4 275 323                            4,47
10,001 - 100,000 shares                    30            3,22   9 732 330                          10,18
100,001 - 1,000,000 shares                  9            0,66  79 247 782                          82,87
1,000,001 shares and over                                0,20  95 629 385                         100,00
Totals                                 4 562          100,00
DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS                                                                         5,45
Banks/Brokers                              25            0,55   5 207 122                            3,32
Close Corporations                         17            0,37   3 175 334                            0,02
Endowment Funds                                          0,09                                        5,46
Individuals                                 4          94,83         22 638                          1,90
Insurance Companies                    4 326             0,13   5 222 539                            0,11
Investment Companies                                     0,04   1 819 867                            0,07
Medical Schemes                             6            0,02                                      11,17
Mutual Funds                                2            0,59      105 737                           0,03
Other Corporations                          1            0,18        70 000                          0,03
Bell Equipment Share Scheme                27            0,02                                      70,50
Private Companies                           8            1,05  10 681 027                            0,01
Public Companies                            1            0,03        28 680                          1,41
Retirement Funds                           48            0,57        32 233                          0,52
Trusts                                      1            1,53                                     100,00
Totals                                     26         100,00   67 415 937
PUBLIC/NON-PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS             70                               1                      70,52
Non - Public Shareholders              4 562                                                         0,39
Directors & Associates of the Company                           1 347 072                            0,03
Bell Equipment Share Scheme                14                      501 198
Strategic Holders of more than 10%         12                                                      70,10
Public Shareholders                                            95 629 385                          29,48
Totals                                      1                                                     100,00
RESIDENT/NON-RESIDENT                       1            0,34  67 446 224
Resident                               4 548             0,26      373 898                         95,53
Non-resident                           4 562             0,02        32 233                          4,47
Totals                                                   0,06
TOP 10 BENEFICIAL SHAREHOLDERS         4 507           99,66   67 040 093                         100,00
I A Bell And Company (Pty) Ltd             55         100,00   28 183 161
Ninety One                                                     95 629 385                          70,10
Allan Gray                             4 562                                                         3,91
Clark, IAJ                                             98,79   91 356 800                            3,21
Sanlam                                                   1,21   4 272 585                            3,19
Pershing                                                                                             3,06
AG Capital                                            100,00   95 629 385                            2,04
Clearstream Banking SA Luxembourg                                                                    1,44
Perspective Investment Management                              67 040 093                            0,95
Alexander Forbes Investments                                    3 741 324                            0,80
Totals                                                          3 070 608                            0,74
TOP 10 INSTITUTIONAL SHAREHOLDERS                               3 046 220
Allan Gray Asset Management                                     2 925 828                          89,44
Ninety One                                                      1 950 503
Sanlam Investment Management                                    1 379 496                            5,25
Pershing Llc                                                       907 220                           4,26
AG Capital                                                         763 222                           3,06
Clearstream Banking SA Luxembourg                                  711 785                           2,04
Perspective Investment Management                                                                    1,44
Citibank (Custodian)                                           85 536 299                            0,95
Blue Quadrant Capital Management                                                                     0,80
SBG Securities                                                  5 022 790                            0,44
Totals                                                          4 076 319                            0,29
                                                                2 925 828                            0,28
                                                                1 950 503                          18,81
                                                                1 379 496

                                                                   907 220
                                                                   763 222
                                                                   423 050
                                                                   280 000
                                                                   266 534
                                                               17 994 962

                                       BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  95
Information not covered by the independent auditor's report

Shareholder analysis continued

                                                                                    Number of

                                                                         Indirect   shares         %

Directors & Associates of the Company                       Chairman     109 660    253 600         0,27
Bell, GW                                                                  29 500    253 600         0,27
Bell, GW                                                            CEO   29 259
Bell, QI                                 Non-executive director           23 400       4 040        0,00
Bell, MO                                                                    2 200      4 040        0,00
Bell, RL                                        Subsidiary director       25 000       2 598        0,00
Bell, JM                               Shareholder in subsidiary               301     2 598        0,00
Bell, L                                Shareholder in subsidiary                       2 000        0,00
Bell, MJ                                                                 109 660       2 000        0,00
Goosen, L                                                     Number of                1 000        0,00
Goosen, L                                                shareholdings                 1 000        0,00
Bell, AJ                                                                               1 000        0,00
Bell, AJ                                                                               1 000        0,00
Mayer, A                                                                            264 238         0,27
Mayer, A
Harie, B                                                                            32 233          0,03
Harie, B                                                                            32 233          0,03
Mabaso-Koyana, SN
Mabaso-Koyana, SN                                                                   67 040 093     70,10
Totals                                                                                             70,10
                                                                                    67 040 093
BELL EQUIPMENT SHARE SCHEME                                                                            %
Bell Equipment

Totals

STRATEGIC HOLDERS OF MORE THAN 10%
I A Bell And Company (Pty) Ltd

Totals

                                                                                    Number of

                                                                         %          shares

RESIDENT/NON-RESIDENT SPLIT                                    4 507      98,80     91 356 800      95,54
South Africa                                                        7       0,16     2 393 853        2,51
United States                                                       1       0,02        907 220       0,95
Luxembourg                                                                  0,33        176 197       0,18
Namibia                                                            15       0,07        164 100       0,17
Germany                                                             3       0,04        162 000       0,17
France                                                              2       0,11        114 681       0,12
Swaziland                                                           5       0,04        199 851       0,21
Switzerland                                                         2       0,13        125 910       0,13
United Kingdom                                                      6       0,11          13 600      0,01
New Zealand                                                         5       0,02           6 077      0,01
Canada                                                              1       0,02           4 200      0,00
Australia                                                           1       0,02           3 000      0,00
Mauritius                                                           1       0,02           1 500      0,00
Zambia                                                              1       0,02              270     0,00
Botswana                                                            1       0,09              126     0,00
UAE                                                                 4
                                                                         100,00     95 629 385     100,00
Totals                                                         4 562

Shareholder diary

Financial year-end                                                                     31 December
Integrated annual report                                                                     April 2022
Annual general meeting
Interim results announcement                                                             31 May 2022
                                                                                    September 2022

96  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
Information not covered by the independent auditor's report
Glossary

ADT                                  Articulated Dump Truck
AGM                                  Annual General Meeting
AIS                                  Automotive Investment Scheme
ALC                                  American Logistics Centre
APDP                                 Automotive Production and Development Programme
Bell Equipment or Bell or the group  Bell Equipment Limited and its subsidiaries
BEE or BBBEE                         Black Economic Empowerment or Broad Based Black Economic
                                     Empowerment
BEE Manco                            K2019577563 (South Africa) (RF) Proprietary Limited
BECSA                                Bell Equipment Company SA Proprietary Limited
BECSA Holdings                       BECSA Holdings Limited
BEF                                  Bell Equipment Foundation
BEGS                                 Bell Equipment Group Services Proprietary Limited
BENA                                 Bell Equipment North America Inc.
BESSA                                Bell Equipment Sales South Africa Limited
BESSA BEE SPV                        K2017044733 (South Africa) (RF) Proprietary Limited
BHL                                  Bell Equipment SA Holdings Limited
CEO                                  Chief Executive
CFO                                  Chief Financial Officer
CGU                                  Cash Generating Unit
Companies Act                        Companies Act of South Africa No 71 of 2008 (as amended)
COVID-19                             Corona virus disease
DRC                                  Democratic Republic of the Congo
ELC                                  European Logistics Centre
FD                                   Financial Director
GEC                                  Group Executive Committee
GLC                                  Global Logistics Centre
HEPS                                 Headline earnings per share
IDC                                  Industrial Development Corporation of South Africa Limited
IFRS                                 International Financial Reporting Standards
IFRIC                                International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee
John Deere                           John Deere Construction and Forestry Company, a Delaware corporation
JSE                                  Johannesburg Stock Exchange Limited
King III                             King Code of Governance Principles and the King Report on Governance
King IV                              King IV Report on Corporate Governance in South Africa 2016
Matriarch                            Bell brand name for forestry products
MOI                                  Memorandum of Incorporation
NPAT                                 Net Profit after Tax
OEM                                  Original Equipment Manufacturer
PPP                                  Paycheck Protection Program
ROIC                                 Return on Invested Capital
SAICA                                South African Institute of Chartered Accountants
SENS                                 Stock Exchange News Service
Sibi                                 Sibi Capital Proprietary Limited

                                     BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021  97
Information not covered by the independent auditor's report
Corporate information

                                                                                                                                        BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED
                                                                                                                                          Registration Number: 1968/013656/06

                                                                                                                                                   JSE SHARE CODE
                                                                                                                                                                                            BEL

                                                                                                                                                            ISIN CODE
                                                                                                                                                                            ZAE000028304

                                                                                                                               GROUP COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                                                                                                                                           Diana McIlrath

                                                                                                                                                                 Tel: +27 (0)35 907 9111
                                                                                                                                            diana.mcIlrath@bellequipment.com

                                                                                                                                                   POSTAL ADDRESS
                                                                                                                                                                     Private Bag X20046

                                                                                                                                                                       Empangeni, 3880
                                                                                                                                                                               South Africa

                                                                                                                       BUSINESS AND REGISTERED ADDRESS
                                                                                                                                                      13 - 19 Carbonode Cell Road
                                                                                                                                                                                         Alton
                                                                                                                                                                      Richards Bay, 3900

                                                                                                                                                             AUDITORS
                                                                                                                                                                       Deloitte & Touche
                                                                                                                                                                 Tel: +27 (0)31 560 7000

                                                                                                                                SHARE TRANSFER SECRETARIES
                                                                                                                                       JSE Investor Services Proprietary Limited

                                                                                                                                                                             Rennie House
                                                                                                                                                      13th Floor, 19 Ameshoff Street

                                                                                                                                                                             Braamfontein
                                                                                                                                                                               PO Box 4844

                                                                                                                                                                   Johannesburg, 2000
                                                                                                                                                                 Tel: +27 (0)11 713 0800
                                                                                                                                                               Fax: +27 (0)86 674 3260

                                                                                                                                                           ATTORNEYS
                                                                                                                                                                         Webber Wentzel

                                                                                                                                                        JSE SPONSOR
                                                                                                                                                                 Investec Bank Limited

                                                                                                                                                       WEB ADDRESS
                                                                                                                                                           www.bellequipment.com

                                                                                                                        INVESTOR RELATIONS WEB ADDRESS
                                                                                                                                                                         www.bellir.co.za

98  BELL EQUIPMENT LIMITED | Annual Financial Statements 2021
