      Statement of responsibility by the board of directors

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

The annual financial statements of the Naspers Limited group (Naspers or the group) and the company are the responsibility
of the directors of Naspers Limited. In discharging this responsibility, they rely on the management of the group to prepare
the consolidated and separate annual financial statements presented on pages 39 to 201.

We have prepared the consolidated annual financial statements of Naspers for the year ended 31 March 2022, and the
undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole, in accordance with, and in compliance, in all material respects,
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and the Companies Act No 71 of 2008. As such, the consolidated and
company annual financial statements include amounts based on judgements and estimates made by management. The
information given is comprehensive and presented in a responsible manner.

The directors accept responsibility for the preparation, integrity and fair presentation of the consolidated and separate
annual financial statements. The directors are responsible for the establishment and adequate functioning of a system of
governance, risk management and internal controls in the company including controls over the security over the company
website and electronic distribution of annual reports and other financial information. Consequently, the directors have
implemented a broad range of processes and procedures designed to provide control by the directors over the company's
operations.

These processes and procedures include measures regarding the general control environment. All these processes and
procedures are aimed at providing a reasonable level of assurance that we have identified and managed the significant risks
of the company, and that we meet the operational and financial objectives in compliance with applicable laws and
regulations. Information regarding our internal control systems is set out in "Governance for a sustainable business" section
of the Integrated Annual Report.

The Internal Audit function monitors the compliance with our internal control systems and updates management regarding
the emergence of new risks. They support the annual review of the effectiveness of the system of governance, risk
management and internal controls of the board of directors. Internal Audit provides comfort to the audit committee and
board of directors that our system of risk management and internal controls ­ as designed and represented by management
­ are adequate and effective. While we routinely work towards continuous improvement of our processes and procedures
regarding financial reporting, the directors are of the opinion that these systems provide reasonable assurance that the
financial reporting does not contain material inaccuracies.

Based on forecasts and available cash resources, the directors believe that the group and company have adequate resources
to continue operations as a going concern in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the financial statements support the
viability of the group and the company.

The preparation of the consolidated and company annual financial statements was supervised by the group's financial
director, Basil Sgourdos CA(SA). These results were made public 25 June 2022

The independent auditing firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc., which was given unrestricted access to all financial records and
related data, including minutes of all meetings of shareholders, the board of directors and committees of the board, has
audited the consolidated and company annual financial statements. The directors believe that all representations made to
the independent auditors during their audit were valid and appropriate. PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc.'s audit report is
presented on page 26.

The consolidated and company annual financial statements were approved by the board of directors on 25 June 2022 and are
signed on its behalf by:

Koos Bekker   Bob van Dijk
Chair         Chief executive
25 June 2022

1 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Certificate by the company secretary

          for the year ended 31 March 2022
In terms of section 88(2)(e) of the Companies Act No 71 of 2008 I, Lynelle Bagwandeen, in my capacity as company secretary
of Naspers Limited, confirm that for the year ended 31 March 2022, the company has lodged with the Companies and
Intellectual Property Commission, all such returns as are required of a public company in terms of the Companies Act and
that all such returns and notices are, to the best of my knowledge, true, correct and up to date.
Lynelle Bagwandeen
Company secretary
25 June 2022

2 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

GENERAL INFORMATION

Naspers Limited (Naspers or the group) is a global consumer internet group and one of the largest technology investors in the
world. Operating and investing in countries and markets across the world with long-term growth potential, Naspers builds
leading companies that empower people and enrich communities. The group operates and partners a number of leading
internet businesses across the Americas, Africa, The Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe, and Asia in sectors including
online classifieds, food delivery, payments and fintech, education, health, Etail and social and internet platforms.

OPERATING REVIEW

In a year marked with continued global turmoil and uncertainty, which has made for a turbulent operating environment, the
financial year 2022 was a year of progress for Naspers. We remained focused on executing our long-term strategy and
delivering strong operational growth across our core segments. At the same time, we made strategic investments and laid
the foundation for future growth across the portfolio.

Ecommerce segment revenue grew 56% (49%) to US$10.7bn and was the key contributor to group revenue growth of 24%
(24%) to US$36.7bn (measured on an economic-interest basis). This is strong growth on a scaled base following similar
growth and momentum in the prior year. Percentages in brackets represent growth in local currency, excluding mergers and
acquisitions (M&A).

Group trading profit reduced 10% (6%) to US$5bn, reflecting investment to expand the market opportunity for each segment
and strengthen the customer ecosystems of our businesses. Core headline earnings were US$2.1bn, a reduction of 40%
(16%), which reflect ongoing investment in the Ecommerce portfolio and a period of slower growth at Tencent as it adapted
to regulatory changes in China.

Despite a strong operational performance across the portfolio, the group, like many technology companies, faced significant
macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds, leading to highly volatile capital markets in the latter part of the financial year.
The combination of the war in Ukraine, higher inflation and rising interest rates drove up the cost of capital and increased
uncertainty. Valuations of global peer group companies in tech and internet sectors declined sharply in recent months as the
level of risk appetite reduced significantly. These forces drove, for the first time in many years, a decline in the group's net
asset value. The discount to the group's sum of the parts increased to an unacceptable level. Taking substantive action to
reduce the discount is a priority. To navigate these turbulent times we will prioritise capital towards supporting our existing
businesses and prudent balance sheet management, sustaining adequate financial liquidity.

We invested US$6.2bn to increase our stakes in existing investments and in new assets where we see substantial opportunity
for future value creation. This investment was weighted largely to the first half of the year, in our Food Delivery and Edtech
segments. While Delivery Hero's stock has declined in value since the last investment, we remain confident in the company's
future and in our continued ability to generate a return from it. In August, we also committed US$4.7bn to acquire BillDesk,
the leading bill payment processing company in India. The transaction is under review by the Competition Commission of
India.

In the second half of the year, we invested heavily through our income statement. We focused on maintaining growth and
customer engagement, while leveraging increased scale to develop opportunities in adjacent products and services. We are
building ecosystems with multiple customer touchpoints to improve not only their experience but also retention. We aligned
technology and data with key customer needs such as convenience and ease of use. We will need to continue to invest
organically to build on the strong progress we have made in autos in Classifieds, convenience in Food Delivery and India
credit in Payments and Fintech segments. Our plans will recognise the uncertainty and volatility and the need to preserve
capital.

Throughout the year, the group continued to crystallise returns and return capital to shareholders. In February 2022, we
completed a second US$5bn share buyback programme which followed the US$5bn share buyback programme in 2021. This
generated a meaningful enhancement to net asset value per share. Repurchased Prosus shares will be cancelled in the
following financial year. In total, Prosus has allocated US$50bn in capital over the past six years with approximately 57% of
that capital being invested into the business and new growth opportunities, approximately 25% returned to shareholders in
the form of share buybacks and dividends, and approximately 18% being held in cash.

3 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

OPERATING REVIEW (continued)

Against the backdrop of deteriorating geopolitical and economic conditions, our Ecommerce businesses were resilient,
growing revenues 53% (47%) in the second half of the year, in many cases, significantly outperforming global peers.

Within our Ecommerce portfolio, all segments made good progress against their financial and strategic objectives. Classifieds
demonstrated healthy growth at its core, well ahead of global peers. OLX Autos experienced strong triple-digit growth this
year as it creates a differentiated customer experience. Our Classifieds business has been deeply impacted by the Russia's
invasion of Ukraine. We are appalled by the war in Ukraine and we continue to do all we can for our Ukrainian employees
and the people of Ukraine. Consequently, in March 2022, we announced the separation of the Russian Classifieds business
Avito from our OLX Group. Following completion of this operational separation, in May 2022 we announced our intention to
exit the Russian business. We have started the search for an appropriate buyer for our shares in Avito.

Food-Delivery's performance remained strong as it addresses a major consumer need that is being fundamentally
transformed by technology. We are leveraging our logistics network and capabilities as well as our strong customer
relationships to pursue this opportunity with a real competitive advantage. The online food and convenience industry is still
in its early stages of development, and we are excited by its long-term prospects and we believe it will ultimately yield a good
return on investment.

In Payments and Fintech, our growth momentum continued globally. We increased our scale in India, one of the fastest-
growing consumer internet markets, and the closing of the acquisition of BillDesk will create further opportunity to expand
into credit and digital banking. Outside of India, the business continued to grow strongly. Edtech's performance remained
strong and we made substantial progress in expanding the portfolio with acquisitions of market leaders in our areas of focus.
During the year, we took a substantial stake in Skillsoft, which is now public, while acquiring Stack Overflow and GoodHabitz.
This positions us well within the key enterprise education market. Our Edtech investments currently reach over 500 million
users and cover the full span of the sector from kindergarten through to grade 12 (K-12), and beyond, into third-and-
enterprise level education.

In April 2021, to improve our financial flexibility and reinforce our balance sheet, we sold 2% of Tencent's issued share
capital, generating proceeds of US$14.6bn and reducing our holding to 28.9%. Proceeds were used to fund our strategic
ambitions and two share buyback programmes that enhanced net asset value per share. Tencent's has been impacted by
regulatory action and the economic impact of Covid-19, which has resulted in slower growth and a tough macroeconomic
environment. We are firm believers that the company will recover from this and generate significant value for shareholders
and remain committed long-term investors in Tencent.

The group remains focused on building on the strong momentum in our Ecommerce portfolio. We will continue to invest in
our platforms and to grow the opportunity set within each segment. We aim to build on the underlying strength of each
business through the creation of customer ecosystems, particularly in autos transaction, credit and digital banking, and food,
convenience and grocery delivery. At the same time, we are driving profitability and cash generation in more mature core
businesses. Our goal is to build an Ecommerce portfolio that will deliver sustainable value creation over the long term for all
stakeholders. Furthermore, the group will endeavour to take further steps to crystallise the value we have created over time.

Given the wide geographical span of our operations, and significant M&A activity in Ecommerce, reported earnings were
materially impacted by foreign exchange movements and the effects of acquisitions and disposals. Where relevant in this
report, we have adjusted for these effects. These adjustments (pro forma financial information) are quoted in brackets after
the equivalent metrics reported under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). These growth rates represent a
comparison between the year ended 31 March 2022 and the previous year ended 31 March 2021, unless otherwise stated. A
reconciliation of pro-forma financial information to the equivalent IFRS metrics is provided in `Other information ­ Non-IFRS
financial measures and alternative performance measures' of these consolidated financial statements.

4 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

FINANCIAL REVIEW

The group delivered strong progress for the year ended 31 March 2022. Group revenue, measured on an economic-interest
basis, grew 24% (24%) to US$36.7bn. This was driven by Ecommerce revenues, which rose 56% (49%). Our economic-interest
share in Tencent's revenue grew 14% (16%) off a sizable prior-year base. Group trading profit reduced 10% (6%) to US$5bn.
Tencent's contribution to the group's trading profit improved by 2% (4%).

Core headline earnings were US$2.1bn down ­ 40% (16%), impacted by our sale of 2% interest in Tencent and Tencent's
reduced contribution to core as a result of increased losses from its associates.

On a consolidated basis, total revenue increased by US$2.0bn, or 34% (37%), from US$5.9bn in the prior year to US$7.9bn,
with strong contributions from all the segments. As we continue to invest in organically building out customer ecosystems
across our segments, trading losses expanded from US$224m to US$589m, mostly driven by investment in Food Delivery, our
Etail segment and acquisitions in Edtech.

Equity-accounted results from our associate investments increased to US$9.3bn, or 31%, from US$7.1bn in the prior year,
with positive contributions from Tencent and Delivery Hero. Share of equity-accounted results include investment disposal
gains of US$6.2bn, net fair-value gains on financial instruments of US$1.8bn, and impairment losses of US$1.1bn recognised
in Tencent and Delivery Hero reported results.

The group recognised a gain of US$12.3bn on the income statement due to the trimming of our holding in Tencent.
Furthermore, the group recognised impairment losses on goodwill and equity-accounted investments. Impairment losses of
US$246m recognised on goodwill related to Stack Overflow primarily as a result of the current market conditions and the
increase in risk-free rates which resulted in an increase in the discount rate. Equity accounted investments were impaired by
US$589m, of which US$474m related to the impairment of VK. In March 2022, the group's directors resigned with immediate
effect from the VK board and discontinued equity accounting the investment going forward on account of a loss of significant
influence. The group reclassified the foreign currency translation reserve amounting to a loss of US$1.14bn from other
comprehensive income to the income statement as a result of the loss of significant influence over the investment.

Headline earnings decreased by US$2.5bn to US$1.6bn. This is mainly due to the decrease in contribution to headline
earnings from associates of US$2.8bn, the increase in trading losses in Ecommerce and, the increase in net finance cost
(US$143m). This was partially offset by the decrease in the share-based compensation expenses of the group (US$632m).

Investments have been funded from upstreamed dividends, asset sales and more efficient use of the group's balance sheet.
During the year we raised additional capital of US$9.25bn in bonds, at attractive interest rates, further enhancing our
financial position, improving liquidity, and extending debt maturities. Some of the proceeds were used to settle US$1.6bn
2025 and 2027 notes. The group has no debt maturities due until 2025, and 87% of our debt is due after five years and just
under 60% due in the next 10 years.

We ended the year with a strong and liquid balance sheet comprising US$13.6bn in cash and cash equivalents (including
short-term cash investments) and interest-bearing debt of US$15.7bn (excluding capitalised lease liabilities). We also hold an
undrawn US$2.7bn revolving credit facility. This sound financial position will enable us to deliver on our strategy to scale our
businesses and, over time, deliver significant and sustainable profitability and cash flow generation.

Overall, we recorded a net interest expense of US$347m for the year, elevated from the prior year given new bond issuances
and an additional US$217m related to early settlement of the 2025 and 2027 bonds.

Consolidated free cash outflow was US$701m, a decrease on the prior year's free cash outflow of US$4m. We stepped up
operational, working capital and capital expenditure investment across our businesses. Working capital requirements have
increased as we invest in OLX Autos and the Payments and Fintech segment. In autos, we are taking on more inventory as the
business expands and moves towards a consumer-facing business. In Payments and Fintech, we accelerated the pace to scale
our India credit initiatives resulting in increased receivables outstanding at year-end. The increased capital expenditure was
mainly driven by distribution centre equipment and expansions at eMAG. This was offset by increased dividends from
Tencent of US$571m (FY21: US$458m). Tencent dividends remain a meaningful and stable contributor to our cash flow. After
year-end in June 2022, we received our annual cash dividend of US$565m from Tencent for FY23.

5 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued)

In addition, Tencent paid a special interim dividend in the form of a distribution in specie of JD.com shares. The group
received 131 873 028 JD.com shares in March 2022, representing a 4% effective interest in JD.com valued at US$3.9bn at 31
March 2022.
Subsequently, the group disposed of its full stake in JD.com for proceeds of approximately US$3.6bn.

There were no new or amended accounting pronouncements effective 1 April 2021 with a significant impact on the group's
consolidated financial statements.

The company's external auditor has not reviewed or reported on forecasts included in these consolidated financial
statements.

The following segmental reviews are prepared on an economic-interest basis (which includes consolidated subsidiaries and a
proportionate consolidation of associates and joint ventures), unless otherwise stated.

SEGMENTAL REVIEW
Ecommerce

Ecommerce revenue of US$10.7bn for the year grew 56% (49%). Strong growth was seen across all our core segments.
Each segment reported strong growth and profitability at the core and during the period we increased our level of
investment on the back of that strength to expand the market opportunity for each segment and strengthen the underlying
ecosystems of each underlying business. This increased investment resulted in aggregated trading losses increasing to US$1
120m, from US$439m in the prior year.
Based on the data-driven unit economics, we are steadfast in our belief that growth expansion from the autos transaction
businesses in Classifieds, a broader on-demand delivery ecosystem in Food Delivery, credit and digital banking in Payments
and Fintech, and new investments in Edtech will deliver significant value for the group. Classifieds as well as core Payments
and Fintech1 remain profitable, and during the year we saw substantial improvement in the profitability trends at the core of
our Food Delivery businesses2, with iFood's food delivery business in Brazil remaining profitable.
Classifieds
OLX Group continues to perform with strong momentum across all its business units. The segment made further strategic
progress during the period, refocusing the autos transaction business towards the direct-to-consumer (B2C) segment and
consumer financing, while reshaping the core Classifieds business 3towards accelerating pay-and-ship services and
strengthening overall tech talent capabilities.

Classifieds revenue of US$2.98bn grew 85% (92%) from US$1.6bn in the prior year. This growth was a large acceleration and
significantly ahead of peers. The growth was largely driven by OLX Autos, which grew 158% (173%) year on year. Despite
continued investment in the autos transaction business, pay-and-ship, and people and technology to build capacity for the
next growth phase, trading profit was maintained at last year's level and the segment reported US$25m (FY21: US$15m).

In our core Classifieds business, we continue to record growth across our key markets with the monthly app user base rising
7% to 124 million and active listings growing 11% to 174 million. Additionally, we saw continued momentum from engaged
monetised users as the group reported 11% additional monthly paying listers. Revenue grew 38% (38%) to US$1.36bn with
an improvement of 80 basis points in margin yielding a trading profit of US$189m.

Despite a strong performance across the group for most of the year, we are not immune to macroeconomic challenges. At
the outset of the Ukraine-Russia conflict in February 2022, we witnessed an immediate drop in key operational metrics,
mainly in Ukraine. We continue to operate our platform in the country to serve the local community and we have observed
recovery on traffic and listing metrics, while still behind pre-conflict levels. We also observed some decline in other European
countries, mainly in Poland and Romania, during the initial days of the crisis, however, metrics have already stabilised and are
now tracking ahead of pre-conflict levels. During these challenging times, we have prioritised the safety and wellbeing of our
employees, providing immediate support, including safe housing and financial assistance.

1 Core Payments and Fintech is India payments and GPO.
2 Core Food Delivery is iFood's restaurant food delivery business in Brazil.
3 Core Classifieds business is Avito, OLX Europe and OLX corporate.

6 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

SEGMENTAL REVIEW (continued)
Ecommerce (continued)

Classifieds (continued)
Europe, of which OLX Poland represents over 60%, delivered a strong performance and generated revenues of US$432m with
a growth rate of 27% (24%). Trading profit reduced to US$95m from US$118m a year ago due to a step-up in investment to
scale pay-and-ship services across Poland, Ukraine, and Romania, with over 2 million delivery transactions on average per
month during the second half of the year. Our horizontal platforms in Europe grew 26% (28%), driven by the continued
acceleration in pay-and-ship and a surge in the jobs and services categories. This was partially offset by lower performance in
the autos verticals, mainly Otomoto in Poland, impacted by supply constraints in the autos industry market. OLX Poland
recorded revenue and trading profits of US$258m (PLN1 020m) and US$65m (PLN252m), representing revenue growth of
28% (26%) and a trading profit margin of 25%, given the pay-and-ship investment and tailwinds noted above.

Furthermore, as we continue to support our customers in Ukraine with prolonged listing duration and other discounts, we
recorded negligible revenues during March and business is expected to recover slowly.

In Russia, Avito reported revenues of US$631m (RUB48.2bn), and trading profits of US$220m (RUB16.3bn) representing
growth of 52% (55%) and 31% (32%) respectively.

In March 2022, OLX Group took the decision to cease all involvement in its Russian operations and following a separation
process, the group will exit the Russian business. The search for an appropriate buyer for the group's shares in Avito is
underway.

OLX Autos reported revenues of US$1.6bn for FY22, up 158% (173%) on the prior period and an 8 percentage point
improvement in trading margin despite strategic investments to build the base for the next phase of growth. The US, which
represents more than 35% of OLX Autos revenues, performed exceptionally well as it more than tripled revenue and became
profitable. In our other markets we have made outstanding progress in executing our strategy through a relentless focus on
accelerating B2C and consumer financing.

Our autos transaction business scaled its operations, transacting 175 000 cars compared with 98 000 cars in the prior year.
The second half was a strong finish to a year of record growth, where monthly volumes exceeded 22 000 cars (twice pre-
Covid-19 levels) in March 2022. OLX Autos sold an average of 14 600 cars (FY21: 8 100) per month at an average selling price
of US$9 300 (FY21: US$6 900) with a gross profit per unit of US$895 (FY21: US$746). Monthly volumes in the US and India
exceeded 7 000 and 5 500 cars respectively at year-end, far ahead of their previous peaks. Finally, in the markets with B2C
presence, we reached a 29% mix of total cars sold versus 13% in the prior year. We continue to make steady progress in
consumer financing across Chile, Mexico and Colombia, with 12 000 loans disbursed during the year, exceeding an asset
under management of US$100m with significantly lower delinquency rates than industry standards. Scaling our autos
transaction business requires higher working capital than core classifieds, especially in inventories where we have invested
adequately to support the growth in the business. We will continue to invest to scale this business line, focusing on
consolidating leadership in the markets we operate.

OLX Brasil, a 50% joint venture with Adevinta, continued its growth. Our share of revenue increased 73% (27%), given the
full-year consolidation of ZAP results in the current period, to US$76m (BRL399m) and trading profit increased to US$4m
(BRL24m). The business, expanded its autos vertical by digitalising consumer journeys with a focus on business clients and
offering transactional services such as `inplatform' financing and insurance and also rolled out pay-and-ship services across
general categories.

7 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

SEGMENTAL REVIEW (continued)
Ecommerce (continued)

Classifieds (continued)
Over the past year, in line with our strategy to invest in our core scalable markets, we successfully divested non-strategic
assets across the group. This includes Aasaanjobs, Tradus, Properati, the OLX platform in South Africa and autos transaction
business in Nigeria, Kenya, and Ghana. These markets were not profitable, with a lack of product-market fit and capacity to
disrupt the industry. As a result, OLX Group is now leaner and focused on growing operations in our key markets, where we
have clear plans to deliver strong growth and build leading market positions.

Food Delivery
The Food Delivery portfolio companies continued to benefit from economies of scale and delivered strong growth. Total
orders and gross merchandise value (GMV) grew 53% and 60% (59%) respectively, translating into US$3bn or 101% (77%)
growth in revenue.

Given this momentum and the growing importance of convenience in people's daily lives, we believe the food delivery
opportunity is a broader opportunity than originally envisaged. Over the past year, online grocery delivery has experienced a
surge in demand from offline to online and new business models have unlocked underserved segments of the market. The
segment's quick commerce businesses grew orders by 109% and GMV by 254% (207%). Our Food Delivery portfolio
companies have capitalised on these trends by building grocery delivery businesses on their restaurant delivery platforms.
While restaurant delivery platforms are either profitable or nearing breakeven, the investment in adjacencies and growth
initiatives has contributed to the increase in the Food Delivery segment's trading losses from US$355m in FY21 to US$724m
in FY22. As was the case with the segment's investment to expand the market opportunity by investing in first-party (1P)
delivery in 2018, we believe this investment represents a similar opportunity to grow the market and our position in it.

iFood
iFood revenues grew 35% (29%) to BRL5.2bn (US$991m), driven largely by expanded restaurant selection and entry into
additional cities in Brazil. Orders increased 37% to over 750 million and GMV grew 47% (41%) to BRL39bn (US$7.4bn). At
year-end, iFood Brazil platform hosted 317 000 merchants across 1 780 cities.

During the second half of the year, iFood realised significant gains in the profitability of its core restaurant food delivery
business by optimising consumer discounts and introducing new revenue streams. The significant overlap between the
customers of restaurant delivery and grocery delivery, and the operational synergies across the two businesses make grocery
delivery a natural fit for the iFood ecosystem. iFood's grocery business has quickly become an important player in Brazil's
significant grocery industry, which is estimated to have sales of US$55bn in 2022 according to Euromonitor. iFood's grocery
and dark store model has already reached 4 million average monthly orders and BRL380m of GMV in just over a year, and its
growth is outpacing the rest of the market. The restaurant food delivery business reached breakeven in the second half of
the year. For the full year, iFood generated trading losses of US$206m, including substantial investments in the grocery
delivery business.

Delivery Hero
Delivery Hero continued to deliver strong growth, accelerating both organic investment in quick commerce and by pursuing
M&A opportunities. For the year to 31 December 2021, Delivery Hero reported order growth of 57% and GMV growth of 62%
to 35.4bn.

Our share of Delivery Hero's revenues and trading losses were US$1 755m and US$343m respectively. By the end of March
2022, Delivery Hero operated over 1 122 Dmarts (small Delivery Hero-owned warehouses in strategically relevant locations
for quick commerce delivery), catering to evolving customer needs with an increased focus on convenience and speed of
delivery4.

4 All metrics aligned to December 2021, reporting basis 3-month lag

8 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

SEGMENTAL REVIEW (continued)
Ecommerce (continued)

Food Delivery (continued)

Swiggy
Swiggy has seen a full recovery from the impact of the pandemic by focusing its efforts on reactivating users, increasing
monthly frequency, and returning user conversion to pre-Covid-19 levels. This strategy paid off as Swiggy has more than 195
000 active restaurants on its platform (+110% of pre-Covid-19 level), achieved 55% growth in daily orders, and 76%5 growth
in GMV to US$2.3bn.

Our share of Swiggy's revenue was US$212m (FY21: US$135m), up 57% (68%) from the prior year1 driven by higher average
order values compared with pre-pandemic periods and higher revenues from delivery fees and advertising sales. Swiggy also
focused on expanding its quick commerce Instamart business, which performed well, increasing daily orders 10x year-on-
year. This resulted in accelerated growth in the groceries vertical coupled with continuous growth in the restaurant food
delivery business vertical.

Swiggy currently delivers food, groceries, meat, and runs its concierge service (`Genie') using its network of around 300 000
delivery riders.

iFood, Swiggy and Delivery Hero ­ our core food delivery businesses are leading businesses in their respective regions and
have plenty of room to grow further, both in scale and in the breadth and depth of their ecosystems. In addition, we have
promising additional investments in Flink, Oda and Foodics.

We will continue to invest organically to not only improve the core food delivery offering but also to expand the overall
opportunity set by building out scaled capabilities in quick commerce and grocery, and additional adjacencies in the food
delivery ecosystem.

Payments and Fintech

The Payments and Fintech segment continued to benefit from the shift to digital payments. Revenue grew 38% (45%) to
US$796m driven by strong performance in the India payment business and a strong recovery in the credit business. The
segment's overall trading loss margin improved to negative 8% as trading losses reduced from US$68m in the prior year to
US$60m, on account of increased profitability of core payment service provider (PSP) business, partially offset by
investments in credit and new initiatives such as consumer banking in India. The core PSP business reported revenue of
US$643m, up 29% (37%) and a trading profit of US$28m, reflecting a 2 percentage point improvement in margin over last
year. Total payments volume (TPV) reached US$78.5bn, up 43% (47%) over the prior period as faster digitisation across
markets continue to benefit PayU. This was supported by a 36% increase in the number of transactions.

India, our largest market, grew TPV 65% (66%) to US$43.8bn, representing a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 50%
(54%) over the past two years. This translated into revenue growth of 48% (49%) to US$304m driven by diversification of our
merchant portfolio into segments such as financial services, ecommerce and bill payments, which compensated for lower
volumes from categories impacted by Covid-19. As markets have opened up, travel and hospitality sectors have seen some
recovery in India. The contribution of revenue from new segments such as omnichannel, Bharat Bill Payment System, Wibmo,
data science and new products such as Affordability, Merchant Cash Advance, and Multi-currency has increased from 20% in
the prior period to 29% in this financial year, demonstrating our continued focus on diversification of business.

Our global payments operations (GPO) business has maintained its growth trajectory with TPV growing 22% (30%) to
US$34.7bn for the year, supported by a 28% increase in the number of transactions. GPO reported a revenue of US$341m, up
16% (29%) from the prior period. GPO has also witnessed a strong growth in payment volumes from ecommerce, financial
services and over-the-top (OTT) entertainment platforms to compensate for lower volumes from categories impacted by
Covid-19. Travel in most GPO markets is gradually recovering as economies stabilise and borders re-open. Turkey, which
constituted 17% of GPO's revenue, continued to see strong momentum and grew revenue 73%.

In our credit business, following deliberate conservative issuances in the first half of the year, India has witnessed a strong
recovery as we picked up momentum in personal loan dispersals in the second half of this financial year. With a preapproved
base of 62 million users and over 46 000 active merchants, transactional credit continued to see good traction and, post

5 This growth % relates to FX neutral GMV

9 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

SEGMENTAL REVIEW (continued)
Ecommerce (continued)

Payments and Fintech (continued)

Covid-19 loan cohorts are resilient and performing well, while collections have maintained a strong trend across all credit
products. Our new initiatives to ramp up personal loans such as, Xpress loans (cross-sell to buy-now-pay-later users) have
also seen good traction and are expected to further drive loan disbursals and enhance revenue.

In December 2021, we launched the first version of LazyCard (India credit card offering) as part of our consumer banking
strategy. With over 320 000 users onboarded in just three months, LazyCard is seeing strong traction in the market. Our
consumer banking initiative is mainly targeted towards serving the Indian mass market through innovative financial products
focusing on saving and spending for young tech-savvy consumers. We continue to leverage our existing base of LazyPay users
to further scale the cards business.

Total loan disbursals in India credit and LazyCard for the year totalled US$586m, representing growth of 337% (338%) and
reporting a loan book of US$151m at the end of the year. Revenue is recognised over the term of these loans, however, we
are required to expense the expected loss rate upfront, resulting in elevated losses at present as we are at the start of the
journey to scale the credit business.

The investment portfolio of our Payments and Fintech segment continues to perform well. In September 2021, Remitly raised
US$300m from its public listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Remitly will utilise this fund to accelerate growth through
innovation and further expansion into digital banking. Remitly reported a send volume of US$20bn, representing 70% growth
for its financial year ended 31 December 2021.

Edtech
Edtech grew revenue by 270% (55%) to US$425m. Following M&A, most notably the acquisition of a controlling stake in Stack
Overflow and M&A within the BYJU'S group, trading losses increased to US$117m from US$14m in the prior year.
Education remains a significant and high-potential sector with compelling secular tailwinds such as population growth in
emerging markets, improving education levels worldwide and workforce reskilling and upskilling on the back of digital
economy transformation trends. The portfolio consists of 12 investments, with Stack Overflow, Skillsoft, GoodHabitz, Udemy
and BYJU'S representing almost 90% of revenue for the year.
Our Edtech portfolio covers both the workplace learning and K12 sectors of the market. Our investments in the workplace
learning sector through Stack Overflow, Skillsoft, GoodHabitz, Udemy and Codecademy, together reach 90% of Fortune 100
companies. The success and impressive reach of our K12 companies are evident in Brainly's more than 300 million monthly
users and BYJU'S expansion from India into the West.
Stack Overflow, one of the 50 most popular websites in the world, has built a global, highly engaged developer and
technologist community over the past 13 years, and now serves more than 100 million people across the world every month.
Since acquisition in August 2021 for US$1.7bn, Stack Overflow has grown total bookings by 62% year on year, excluding the
legacy talent business, which was discontinued ahead of the acquisition. The business has contributed revenue and trading
losses of US$54m and US$34m respectively, driven by growth in Stack Overflow for Teams, which enables organisations to
build their own communities on top of the open platform. By March 2022, Stack Overflow had more than 1 000 paying teams
generating an annual recurring revenue (ARR) of US$42m, representing growth of 61% compared with the prior period.
Trading losses for the year increased, reflecting increased investment in engineering and product development initiatives,
sales headcount and marketing programme expenses and general and administrative costs associated with growing the
business.

In June 2021 we also concluded a US$500m investment for 38% of Skillsoft, a global leader in digital workplace learning.
Skillsoft is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (SKIL.N) and was a rare Edtech investment opportunity that combined scale
and profitability. For the year to 31 January 2022, Skillsoft grew bookings by 7%, meaningfully above original guidance,
returning the company to revenue positive growth of 1%. Skillsoft's client base is centred on large, blue-chip enterprises,
representing over 75% of Fortune 1000 companies and its services are used by almost 90 million6 learners globally across 160
countries.

6 Comprised 51 million enabled learners on Skillsoft on-demand platforms as of 31 January 2022 plus over 40 million who have registered to learn on the
Codecademy platform

10 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

SEGMENTAL REVIEW (continued)
Ecommerce (continued)

Edtech (continued)

Prosus started equity-accounting Skillsoft results from 1 October 2021, given a three-month lag period for reporting financial
information. Accordingly, six months of equity-accounted results for Skillsoft are included in the current financial year. In
April 2022, Skillsoft acquired Codecademy, which was an investment within Prosus's Edtech portfolio, to accelerate growth
for both companies and strengthen technology and product development to drive incremental topline growth and value
creation. More information on Skillsoft is available at https://investor.skillsoft.com.

In June 2021, we invested US$258m for a 62% interest in GoodHabitz, a fast-growing European provider of online training for
corporates and small and medium-sized enterprises. GoodHabitz offers over 1 100 courses in 12 different languages to nearly
2 260 enterprise customers. GoodHabitz continues to expand beyond its home market of the Netherlands, and is now
operational in 12 other European countries.
For the year, GoodHabitz contributed revenue of US$29m and a trading loss of US$6m to segment results, reflecting the
business's investment to scale. GoodHabitz is focusing on strengthening the European position via existing and new
countries.

Furthermore, there are investments in new countries outside Europe, focusing on Latin America, India and Indonesia. Finally,
GoodHabitz is heavily investing in add-ons on the current course library, in new product market combinations and up- and
cross-sell possibilities via the introduction of new and additional online services.

Udemy, a global education marketplace for lifelong learners that gives over 52 million learners access to more than 196 000
courses in 75 languages, listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market (UDMY) in October 2021. The platform offers courses that can be
accessed through the direct-to-consumer or Udemy Business offerings, which has over 11 600 enterprise customers. For its
year ended 31 December 2021, Udemy reported strong revenue growth of 20% to US$516m with consumer revenue totalling
US$329m, up 1% and Udemy Business revenue reaching US$187m, up 81% compared with the prior year. Our share of
Udemy's revenue was US$70m and a trading loss of US$5m. More information on Udemy is available at
https://investors.udemy.com.

BYJU'S, a leader in personalised learning programmes for students in India, and India's most valuable start-up, continues its
rapid growth in building global operations. It targets K12 students and those taking competitive exams such as the GMAT.
During the year, BYJU'S expanded its product offering with over US$2.5bn in acquisitions in India and abroad. These included
Aakash, one of the largest coaching institutes for high school students; US-based Epic, an online reading platform for
children; children's coding platform Tynker; Great Learning, one of India's leading edtech companies for professional and
higher education; Toppr, an after-school learning app that provides learning courses and entrance exam tutoring; and online
test preparation platform, Gradeup. BYJU'S revenue grew by almost 90%, mainly off the back of these acquisitions and from
enhanced offerings such as BYJU'S FutureSchool, which offers one-on-one learning for coding and maths for kids.

Etail

eMAG
In the face of a strong offline recovery and global supply chain disruption, both GMV and revenue for eMAG, our leading
ecommerce platform in Central and Eastern Europe, maintained scale and grew 3%, representing revenue of US$2.3bn.
Successful initiatives such as eMAG's Genius loyalty subscription programme and Easybox lockers improved the overall
customer experience and contributed to the growth. Genius subscriptions topped 335 000 from just 201 000 at September
2021 and now account for nearly one third of eMAG's sales in Romania. The business also deployed around an additional 1
500 Easybox lockers, totalling around 2 500 by March 2022 in Romania.

eMAG's core etail business delivered a trading profit of US$17m for the period. eMAG is taking advantage of its scale and
momentum and investing to build the largest and fastest delivery network and to expand into online food and grocery
delivery with its new verticals Tazz and Freshful.

11 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

SEGMENTAL REVIEW (continued)
Ecommerce (continued)

Etail (continued)

Tazz, eMAG's food delivery service, is scaling fast and has quickly become one of the top players in the highly competitive
Romanian market, growing orders threefold compared with a year ago. The business has made significant investments to
build its brand and customer base and is now focused on expanding to new cities and integrating into eMAG's Genius
programme.

eMAG also launched Freshful to serve the underpenetrated and high-growth online grocery sector as a natural extension of
eMAG's core etail business. By leveraging eMAG's brand, purchasing scale and delivery capabilities, Freshful is well
positioned to delight customers and become a leader in the grocery space.

Given the additional investment, overall, eMAG reported a trading loss of US$34m for the year.

Takealot
Our South African Etail business, the Takealot group, grew GMV and revenue 46% (34%) and 36% (27%) respectively, despite
a rebound in offline retail sales. The Takealot group remained near breakeven, with a trading loss of US$7m, or 1% trading
loss margin, similar to the prior year.

Takealot.com, our leading ecommerce platform, successfully navigated the challenges of global supply chain constraints
across multiple categories, especially consumer electronics. Takealot.com's third-party (3P) marketplace sales continue to
outpace 1P sales and accounted for 52% of total GMV. Takealot.com delivered revenue growth of 29% (20%) for the year.

Despite increased competitive pressure from bricks-and-mortar retailers, Superbalist, one of South Africa's leading online
fashion destinations, delivered strong revenue growth of 55% (43%) and improved its trading loss margin by almost 2
percentage points to 7% during the year.

MrD benefited from increasing awareness of online food delivery, a slower recovery of the restaurant market, and shifting
consumer demand online. The business grew orders and GMV 51% and 51% respectively and improved overall profitability.

Tencent
Tencent achieved stable growth in a challenging year of 2021, thanks to the strength of its diversified portfolio of products,
businesses and investments.

For the year ended 31 December 2021, Tencent's revenue grew 16% to RMB560bn. Non-IFRS profit attributable to
shareholders (Tencent's measure of normalised performance) grew 1% to RMB124bn.

Revenues from value-added services increased by 10% to RMB292bn, with domestic games growing 6% to RMB129bn,
international games increasing 31% to RMB46bn and social networks rising 8% to RMB117bn. Revenues from fintech and
business services increased 34% to RMB172bn, and revenues from the online advertising business rose 8% to RMB89bn.

The combined monthly active users (MAU) of Weixin and WeChat increased 3.5% to 1.27 billion. Weixin's in-app short video
services, Video Accounts, doubled its per-user time spent and total video views in the prior year. The Weixin Mini Programs
ecosystem continued to grow, with daily active users (DAU) passing 450 million and independent merchants' annual
transaction volume of physical goods more than doubling from the prior year.

Tencent sustained its domestic game-industry leadership as it cultivated its key IP franchises more deeply and broadly. In
2021, Tencent Games also achieved notable progress in global markets, developing and operating five of the top 10 mobile
titles by DAU outside China. League of Legends World Championship remained the world's most popular eSports
tournament, with 74 million peak concurrent viewers on its finals. Level Infinite, a new international game publishing brand,
was launched to target international gamers.

Tencent continued to enhance its differentiated advertising solutions, with Weixin's daily active advertisers growing by over
30% year-on-year in the fourth quarter of 2021. Subscriptions for fee-based registered value-added services increased by 8%
in 2021 to 236 million. Tencent maintained its leading position in long-form video with 124 million subscriptions.

Tencent's mobile payment platform continued to benefit from expanded use cases and increased transactions. Weixin Pay
strengthened its support to small and medium merchants and deepened its cooperation with the Peoples' Bank of China and
UnionPay.

12 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

SEGMENTAL REVIEW (continued)
Ecommerce (continued)

Tencent (continued)
For communication and collaboration SaaS, Tencent upgraded the integration among WeCom, Tencent Meeting and Tencent
Docs to provide enhanced solutions for enterprises. Tencent has also enabled differentiated CRM functions in WeCom via
deepened connection with Weixin.

Tencent will continue to adhere to its strategy of delivering superior experiences to users, assisting enterprises to digitalise
their operations and contributing to the society at large.

More information on Tencent's results is available at www.tencent.com/en-us/investors.html.

PROSPECTS

Our strategy continues to build valuable, global consumer internet businesses. The fundamentals of our businesses remain
sound and we continue to have conviction in the platforms we have built and invested in and remain excited about the
opportunities before us.
While we remain focused on executing our strategy, we are ever-aware of the realities surrounding us and of the uncertainty
caused by macroeconomic and geopolitical pressure impacting the broader capital markets.
We are long-term investors and have invested through various economic downturns in volatile internet markets. We will
remain disciplined in our capital allocation decisions as there is now a higher bar set on investments. We will continue to
drive profitability in our core businesses and take action to manage expenses and free cash flow, even while we invest across
our portfolio for growth, now and into the future. We will focus on organic investment, particularly in autos transaction,
credit and digital banking, food and grocery delivery, to build capabilities, expand ecosystems and improve competitiveness
to accelerate growth and deliver strong returns across our portfolio.
A healthy liquidity profile is helpful in times of turbulence and uncertainty and our ambition remains to manage the balance
sheet within our investment grade rating.
Finally, we remain committed to taking structural and behavioural actions to unlock value for our shareholders over time.
SHARE CAPITAL
The authorised share capital at 31 March 2022 was:
 1 250 000 A ordinary shares of R20 each
 500 000 000 N ordinary shares of 2 SA cents each
The issued share capital at 31 March 2022 was:
 961 193 A ordinary shares of R20 each
 435 511 058 N ordinary shares of 2 SA cents each
Refer to note 24 to the consolidated annual financial statements for information regarding changes in the group's share
capital during the year.
DIVIDENDS
A dividend will be paid in relation to the Naspers N ordinary shares and A ordinary shares from the amount that Naspers
receives from Prosus as a terminal economics distribution under the cross-holding agreement between Naspers and Prosus
as referred to in the Prosus results announcement dated 27 June 2022.
The directors have performed the required solvency and liquidity tests required by the Companies Act of South Africa.

13 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Directors' report to shareholders

          for the year ended 31 March 2022
GROUP
Naspers is not a subsidiary of any other company. The name, country of incorporation and effective financial percentage
interest of the holding company in each of the Naspers group's principal subsidiaries are disclosed in note 8 to the
consolidated annual financial statements.
Details relating to significant acquisitions and divestitures during the year are highlighted in note 6 to the consolidated
annual financial statements.
DIRECTORS
On 1 April 2021, in line with our retirement policy, Don Eriksson retired from the board. He was also chair of the audit, risk,
social, ethics and sustainability committees. The board thanks Don for his invaluable contribution and excellent chairing of
these committees. Steve Pacak was appointed chair of the audit and risk committees and Debra Meyer chair of the social,
ethics and sustainability committee.
Rachel Jafta stepped down as a member of the audit committee from 25 August 2021. The board thanks Rachel for her
sterling contribution to the committee over several years.
Angelien Kemna was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 15 April 2021. She also became a member of
the audit committee to fill the vacancy on the retirement of Don Eriksson with effect from 25 August 2021.
In August 2021, Emilie Choi resigned as a director of Naspers. She was also a member of the company's risk, and human
resources and remuneration committees. The board thanks Emilie for her valued contribution. Angelien Kemna was
appointed a member of the risk committee on 9 September 2021.
On 1 April 2022, in line with our retirement policy, Ben van der Ross retired from the board as well as the Naspers social,
ethics and sustainability and the Prosus sustainability committees. The board thanks Ben for his invaluable contribution over
the years.
Shar Dubey was appointed to the board of Naspers with effect from 1 April 2022. Her appointment to the board of Prosus is
subject to approval at the annual general meeting of Prosus to be held in August 2022.

14 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
             Directors' report to shareholders

             for the year ended 31 March 2022

DIRECTORS (continued)

Directors and attendance at meetings:

                              Date first appointed                                    Ten board meetings were
                                in current position                                        held during the year.

                                                                 Date last appointed     Attendance:              Category

J P Bekker(1)                                  17 April 2015     23 August 2019       10                          Non-executive

V Sgourdos(1)                                  1 July 2014       29 August 2014       10                          Executive

B van Dijk(1)                                  1 April 2014      29 August 2014       10                          Executive

E Choi(2)                                      21 April 2017     21 August 2020       7                           Independent non-executive

H J du Toit                                    1 April 2016      25 August 2021       10                          Independent non-executive

C L Enenstein                 16 October 2013                    25 August 2021       10                          Independent non-executive

D G Eriksson(3)               16 October 2013                    21 August 2020       -                           Independent non-executive

M Girotra                     01 October 2019                    21 August 2020       7                           Independent non-executive

R C C Jafta(1)(4)             23 October 2003                    21 August 2020       10                          Independent non-executive

AGZ Kemna(5)                                   15 April 2021     25 August 2021       9                           Independent non-executive

F L N Letele                  22 November 2013                   25 August 2021       10                          Non-executive

D Meyer                       25 November 2009                   23 August 2019       9                           Independent non-executive

R Oliveira de Lima            16 October 2013                    25 August 2021       10                          Independent non-executive

S J Z Pacak(1)(6)             15 January 2015                    23 August 2019       10                          Non-executive

M R Sorour (1)                15 January 2015                    21 August 2020       10                          Non-executive

J D T Stofberg                16 October 2013                    23 August 2019       10                          Non-executive

B J van der Ross(7)           12 February 1999                   25 August 2021       10                          Independent non-executive

Y Xu                                           26 June 2020      21 August 2020       10                          Independent non-executive

Notes

(1)        Members of the projects committee.

(2)        Retired as a director and member of all the committees on 26 August 2021.

(3)        Retired as a director and member of all the committees on 01 April 2021

(4)        Resigned from the audit committee with effect from 25 August 2021.

(5)        Appointed as a director and to the audit committee with effect from 15 April 2021 and appointed to the risk committee with effect from

           9 September 2021.

(6) Appointed as chair of the audit committee with effect from 1 April 2021.

(7)        Retired as a director with effect from 1 April 2022.

15 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
                Directors' report to shareholders (continued)

                for the year ended 31 March 2022

DIRECTORS (continued)

 Committees and attendance at meetings:

                         Projects         Audit                  Risk             Human         Nomination    Social, ethics
                        committee     committee(1)           committee        resources and     committee(1)       and
                                                                              remuneration
                                                                              committee(1)                    sustainability
                                                                                                               committee

                     Zero meeting     Four meetings               Five        Five meetings         Four          Three       Category
                      held during     held during the         meetings        held during the    meetings      meetings
                        the year.                            held during                        held during   held during
                                            year.              the year.            year.         the year.     the year.
                                       Attendance:           Attendance:       Attendance:      Attendance:   Attendance:

J P Bekker                         -                                                         5    4                           Non-executive

B van Dijk                         -                           5                                                   3          Executive

V Sgourdos                         -                           4                                              Alt  3          Executive

E M Choi(2)                                                    1                             3                                Independent
                                                                                                                              non-executive

H J du Toit                                                                                       4                           Independent
                                                                                                                              non-executive

C L Enenstein                                                                                5    4                           Independent
                                                                                                                              non-executive

D G Eriksson(3)                                           -             -                                          -          Independent
                                                                                                                              non-executive

M Girotra                                               3                                                                     Independent
                                                                                                                              non-executive

R C C Jafta(4)                     -                    1      5                                  4                3          Independent
                                                                                                                              non-executive

AGZ Kemna(5)                                            4      4                                                              Independent
                                                                                                                              non-executive

F L N Letele                                                                                                       2          Non-executive

D Meyer                                                                                                            3          Independent
                                                                                                                              non-executive

R Oliveira de Lima                                                                           5    4                           Independent
                                                                                                                              non-executive

S J Z Pacak(6)                     -                    4      5                                                              Non-executive

M R Sorour                         -                                                                                          Non-executive

J D T Stofberg                                                                                                     3          Non-executive

B J van der Ross(7)                                                                                                3          Independent
                                                                                                                              non-executive

Y Xu                                                                                                                          Independent

                                                                                                                              non-executive

M Davidson                                                                                                         2          Executive

Notes

(1) Executive directors attend meetings by invitation.

(2) Retired as a director and member of all the committees with effect from 26 August 2021.

(3) Retired as a director and member of all the committees on 01 April 2021.

(4) Resigned from the audit committee with effect from 25 August 2021.

(5) Appointed as a director and to the audit committee with effect from 15 April 2021 and appointed to the risk committee with effect from 9 September
     2021.

(6) Appointed as chair of the audit committee with effect from 1 April 2021.

(7) Retired as a director with effect from 1 April 2022.

 Member of committee.

Alt Alternate director

16 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report of the audit committee

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

I am pleased to present the report of the audit committee (the committee) for the year ended 31 March 2022. The
committee submits this report, as required by section 94 of the South African Companies Act No 71 of 2008 (the Act).

MEMBERS OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE AND ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS

This committee comprises independent non-executive directors.

Don Eriksson retired as a board member with effect from 1 April 2021 and Steve Pacak was appointed as chair of this
committee. All members are financially literate and have business and financial acumen. The committee held four meetings
during the past financial year. The chief executive and financial director attend committee meetings by invitation.

The names of the members who were in office during the financial year and the details of the committee meetings attended
by each of the members are shown on page 15.

The committee has unrestricted access to company information falling within its mandate and will liaise with management
on the information it requires to carry out its responsibilities. Both internal and external auditors have unrestricted access to
the committee. The internal and external auditors also have the opportunity at two meetings per year to report to the
committee in the absence of management, or when appropriate to do so.

The chair of the board is not a member of the committee but may attend meetings by invitation. Board members are entitled
to attend committee meetings as observers. However, non-committee members are not entitled to participate without the
consent of the chair, do not have a vote and are not entitled to fees for attendance.

RESPONSIBILITIES

This committee's main responsibilities, in addition to its responsibilities in terms of the South African Companies Act, are as
follows:
 Annually review and assess the charters of the group's significant subsidiaries' audit committees and review their annual

     assessment of compliance with their charters to establish if the committee can rely on the work of the subsidiary
     companies' committees.
 Perform a formal annual evaluation of whether the committee has fulfilled its responsibilities in terms of its charter and
     reporting these findings to the board.
 Review and approve for presentation to and approval by the board, the company's integrated annual report, director
     reports, annual financial statements, interim and provisional reports and summarised consolidated financial statements,
     and any other company press releases with material financial or internal control impacts.
 Disclose in the annual report significant matters that the committee has considered in relation to the annual financial
     statements, and how these were addressed by the committee.
 Review the documented assessment of the viability of the company and the group on a going-concern basis, making
     recommendations to the board relating thereto. The committee should be alert to the general viability of the company
     and the group with regard to its reliance and effects on the total resources it uses and affect, its solvency and liquidity,
     and its status as a going concern.
 Receive the external auditors' reports directly from the external auditors, including the receipt and review of reports,
     which furnish, in a timely fashion, information relating to:

          o critical accounting policies and practices to be used in the preparation of the financial statements;

          o alternative treatments of financial information within generally accepted accounting principles that have been
                discussed with management, ramifications of the use of such alternative disclosures and treatments, and the
                external auditors' preferred treatment;

          o the external auditors' internal quality control procedures (such reports to be received annually), describing any
                material issues raised by the most recent internal quality control review or peer review of the external auditors,
                (such reports to be received annually), or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
                authorities, within the preceding five years, in respect of one or more independent audits carried out by the
                external auditors, and any steps taken to deal with any such issue;

17 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report of the audit committee

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

RESPONSIBILITIES (continued)

          o a written statement in respect of relationships between the external auditors and the company, which the audit
                committee will use to investigate any relationships disclosed therein that may impact the external auditors'
                objectivity and independence, and take appropriate action to oversee the external auditors' independence;

          o confirmation of the external auditors' continued registration with the JSE;

          o other material written communications between the external auditors and management; and

          o other required disclosures to the audit committee by the external auditors.

 Annually review external audit and disclose the committee's views on the quality of the external audit and
     independence, when required, with reference to audit quality indicators such as those that may be included in
     inspection reports issued by external audit regulators.

 Evaluate the lead partner of the external auditors, who will be subject to regular rotation as required by applicable
     regulations.

 Present the committee's conclusions in respect of the nomination for appointment as external auditors to the board,
     preceding the annual request to shareholders to approve the appointment of the external auditors.

 Approve the external auditor's terms of engagement and remuneration. Evaluate and provide commentary on the
     external auditors' audit plans, scope of findings, identified issues and reports.

 Preapprove all audit and audit-related services provided by the external auditors.

 Develop a policy for the board to approve with regard to non-audit services performed by the external auditors. Approve
     non-audit services provided by the external auditor in accordance with the policy.

 Receive notice of reportable irregularities (as defined in the Auditing Profession Act) that have been reported by the
     external auditor to the Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors.

 Oversee the management of financial and other risks that affect the integrity of external reports issued by the company.

 Based on the information provided by the various assurance providers, evaluate the effectiveness of internal financial
     controls and disclose the committee's views in the Naspers integrated annual report on the effectiveness of the design
     and implementation of internal financial controls and on the nature and extent of any significant weaknesses in the
     design, implementation or execution or internal financial controls that resulted in material financial loss, fraud,
     corruption or error. Such views must be reported to the board and in the integrated annual report.

 Approve and recommend to the board for approval the internal audit charter, which must be reviewed annually.

 Overseeing the internal audit function and assisting the board in fulfilling the following responsibilities:

          o Setting the direction for internal audit arrangements needed to provide objective and relevant assurance that
                contributes to the effectiveness of governance, risk management and control processes.

          o Ensure that arrangements for internal audit provide for the necessary skills and resources to address the
                complexity and volume of risk faced by the company, and that internal audit is supplemented as required by
                specialists.

          o Confirm the appointment or dismissal of the head of the group's internal audit function and periodically review
                his or her performance.

          o Monitor that internal audit follows an approved risk-based internal audit plan, reviews the organisational risk
                profile regularly, and propose adaptations to the internal audit plan accordingly.

          o Ensure internal audit provides a statement annually as to the effectiveness of the company's governance, risk
                management and control process.

          o Ensure the internal audit function is subject to an external, independent quality review every five years.

          o Obtain confirmation annually from the head of the group's internal audit function that internal audit conforms
                to a recognised industry code of ethics.

 Evaluate and disclose the audit committee's views on the effectiveness of the head of internal audit and the
     arrangements for internal audit, as well as approving the annual internal audit plan and any material changes thereto.

18 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report of the audit committee

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

RESPONSIBILITIES (continued)

 Review internal audit's and the risk committee's reports to the committee.
 Review procedures to ensure that the requirements of the relevant stock exchanges are complied with.
 Review Naspers practices in light of the King IVTM code on Corporate Governance for South Africa, as amended from time

     to time, and make specific disclosures recommended by the King IVTM Code.
 Monitor compliance with the board-approved group levels of authority.
 Related-party transactions:

          o within the confines and requirements of the South African Companies Act, approve all related-party
                transactions between US$5 million and US$50 million (in excess of US$50 million only the board to approve)
                (except those between wholly owned, direct and indirect subsidiaries of Naspers, which would be reviewed in
                the context of accounting disclosure requirements) as defined by the JSE and IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures
                (IAS24);

          o all related-party transactions as defined by IAS 24 to a value of less than US$5 million must be brought to the
                attention of the audit committee at the most convenient meeting closest to when the transaction is concluded;
                and

          o furthermore, the audit committee will review, approve and recommend to the board for approval material
                related party transactions outside the ordinary course of business, or on terms other than normal market terms,
                as required by the relevant laws and regulations.

 Evaluate:

          o legal matters which may affect the financial statements;

          o matters of significance reported by the internal and external auditors, and any other parties, including implied
                potential risks to the group and recommendations on appropriate improvements;

          o major unresolved accounting or auditing issues; and

          o progress in respect of the completion of all unfinished matters reported by the internal and external auditors.
 Establish procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the company regarding

     accounting, internal control, auditing matters, risk management and management or other fraudulent activities,
     including procedures for confidential, anonymous reporting by employees in respect of questionable matters.
 Annually evaluate the performance of and appropriateness of the expertise and experience of the financial director and
     the finance function. The results of the review to be disclosed in the integrated annual report.
 Compile a report to be inserted in the financial statements, describing how the committee carried out its functions and
     stating whether the committee is satisfied that the external auditors were independent of the company. Include in that
     report a statement regarding the effectiveness of the internal controls and, specifically, of the internal financial controls.
 Assisting the board in fulfilling the following responsibilities:

          o Ensuring that arrangements for assurance services are effective in achieving the following objectives:
                      enabling an effective internal control environment;
                      supporting the integrity of information used for internal decision-making by management, the board
                           and its committees; and
                      supporting the integrity of external reports.

          o Ensuring that a combined assurance model is applied that incorporates and optimises the various assurance
                services and functions so that, taken as a whole, these support the objectives for assurance.

          o Ensuring that the combined assurance model is designed and implemented to cover effectively the company's
                significant risks and material matters through a combination of assurance service providers and functions as is
                appropriate for the company.

19 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Report of the audit committee

for the year ended 31 March 2022

RESPONSIBILITIES (continued)

          o Disclosing in the annual report the arrangements in place for combined assurance and the committee's views
                on its effectiveness.

 Execute assignments commissioned by the board.

Some responsibilities of this committee may also be a responsibility of the company's risk committee.

KEY FOCUS AREAS DURING THE YEAR

The committee's key focus areas during the year included:

 Discharging its functions in terms of its charter;

 Assessing the impact of the changes to accounting standards;

 Mandatory audit firm rotation;

 Ensuring group reporting meets JSE Listings Requirements and any other requirements which arise due to Naspers's
     listings;

 Assessing the economic impact of the conflict in Ukraine on the group;

 Engage with the JSE in terms of the proactive monitoring of financial statements;

 Reviewing and approving the new US dollar and euro bonds issued in both July 2021 and January 2022; and

 Continued implementation of the King IVTM recommendations.

FINANCIAL STATEMENT REPORTING ISSUES

The committee's main responsibility in relation to the group's financial reporting is to review, with both management and
the external auditor, the appropriateness of the group's consolidated annual financial statements with its primary focus on:

 the quality and acceptability of accounting policies and practices;

 material areas where significant judgements have been made, along with any significant assumptions or estimates, or
     where significant issues have been discussed with or challenged by the external auditor; and

 an assessment of whether the consolidated and company annual financial statements, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced
     and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess the group's position and
     performance, business model and strategy.

The significant judgements and issues and conclusions reached/actions taken by the committee in relation to the 2022
annual financial statements are outlined in the table below. The significant judgements and issues are broadly comparable in
nature to prior years. Each of these matters was discussed with the external auditor and, where appropriate, has been
addressed as a key audit matter in the report on the audit of the consolidated and company financial statements on pages 30
to 36 of the annual financial statements.

Significant reporting matter                                  Conclusions reached/actions taken
Applicable to the consolidated financial statements

Accounting for the voluntary share exchange transaction

Following the approval by an extraordinary general meeting    The committee acknowledged the complexity related to the
of shareholders in July 2021, the Group executed a voluntary  share exchange transaction and reviewed the accounting,
share exchange transaction, whereby newly issued Prosus N     assumptions, judgements and disclosure of the share
ordinary shares were exchanged for Naspers N ordinary         exchange transaction in the annual financial statements.
shares, resulting in Prosus holding 45.8% of the Naspers N
ordinary shares coupled with the 3.7% previously acquired as  The committee concluded that that accounting and
part of the share repurchase programme in June 2021 a         disclosure of share exchange transaction in the consolidated
combined interest of 49.5%. This represented a 49.9%          annual financial statements is appropriate.
economic interest in Naspers.
                                                              The committee was satisfied with the adjustments made and
                                                              the critical judgements applied by management.

20 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Report of the audit committee

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Significant reporting matter                                    Conclusions reached/actions taken
Applicable to the consolidated financial statements

A cross-holding agreement was concluded between Naspers
and Prosus that arranged future distributions by Prosus and
Naspers through a waiver by Prosus of its entitlement to
distributions that originates from Prosus on the Naspers
shares that it holds.

On the date of the transaction Prosus recognised a fair value
through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) investment
amounting to US$385 million representing the sum-of-the-
parts of the underlying components of its residual interest in
the Naspers group.

Under the cross-holding agreement, and embedded in the
articles of association, Naspers has waived its entitlement to
distributions from Prosus for a calculated number of the N
ordinary shares it holds in Prosus. These represent the
portion of the Prosus N ordinary shares that Prosus indirectly
owns in itself and have been excluded from the weighted
average number of shares in the earnings per share
calculation, since these shares do not have an economic
interest in the earnings of the group.

Based on these distribution rights above, Naspers holds an
economic interest in Prosus of 42.3% as at 31 March 2022.

Management applied significant judgement in determining
the accounting for the transaction, the valuation of Prosus'
residual interest in Naspers and the earnings per share
information considering the cross-holding arrangement.

The accounting for the voluntary share exchange transaction
was considered as a significant reporting matter due to the
complexity of the transaction, the magnitude of the amounts
involved, and the significant judgements applied by
management in the accounting for the transaction.

Accounting for the equity-accounted investments in Tencent
Holdings Limited (Tencent)

Equity-accounted investments (refer to notes 10 and 11) are     The committee received feedback from the group's
significant to the consolidated annual financial statements     representatives on the committees of Tencent and other
and the group is required to make certain adjustments to the    significant equity-accounted investments. The committee
underlying results of investees in respect of any significant   reviewed the reporting of the contribution of equity-
transactions that occur between the investees' year-ends        accounted investments to the group's results and financial
and 31 March.                                                   position as part of their review of the consolidated annual
                                                                financial statements. In addition, the committee received
These adjustments require the exercise of critical              reporting from management on significant transactions
management judgement and are significant in terms of            related to equity accounted investments (ie dividends and
magnitude.                                                      disposals), the significant lag-period adjustments and/or
                                                                adjustments made to the underlying results of investees to
Accounting for the group's investment in Tencent was a          align the investees' accounting policies to those of the group.
significant matter due to the significant contribution of the

21 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Report of the audit committee

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Significant reporting matter                                     Conclusions reached/actions taken
Applicable to the consolidated financial statements

entity to the consolidated results of the group and the fact     The committee was satisfied with the adjustments made and
that Tencent has a year-end that is not coterminous with         the critical judgements applied by management.
that of the group. Furthermore during April 2021, the Group
sold 2% of Tencent's issued share capital resulting in a gain
on partial disposal of US$12.3 billion. Also in December 2021,
Tencent declared a special interim dividend in the form of
shares in JD.com which was distributed on 25 March 2022.

For further information refer to note 2 and note 10.

Valuation of intangible assets arising as a result of
acquisitions

The Group concluded acquisitions of subsidiaries and             The committee acknowledged the complexity related to the
associates throughout the year, most notably the acquisition     judgement and complexity involved in performing the
of 100% interest in Stack Overflow for a consideration of        purchase price allocations, specifically the underlying
US$1.7 billion and the acquisition of an additional interest in  estimates involved in forecasting cash flows and other
associate Delivery Hero of 6.3% for US$2.5 billion.              significant assumptions used in the valuation.
                                                                 The committee concluded that that accounting and
In accordance with IFRS 3, `Business Combinations' and IAS       disclosure of the purchase price allocation and valuation
28, `Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures', the          identified assets and liabilities of in the consolidated annual
accounting for these acquisitions requires management to         financial statements is appropriate.
perform a purchase price allocation which requires               Based on this, the committee was satisfied with the
significant judgement by management to determine the fair        adjustments made and the critical judgements applied by
value of the identifiable assets and liabilities and the         management.
resulting goodwill. As part of the valuation process,
management involved external valuation experts to assist in      The committee received impairment reporting from
the determination of the purchase price allocation and           management including the results of the group's annual
valuation of identified assets and liabilities.                  impairment testing of goodwill and those assets where
                                                                 indicators of impairment existed. The committee reviewed
The valuation of the intangible assets arising as a result of    this reporting in terms of the consistent application of
acquisitions was a matter of significance due to the             management's testing methodology, the achievability of
judgement and complexity involved in performing the              business plans and forecasts based on current and past
purchase price allocations, specifically the underlying          performance, the Naspers board approval thereof and the
estimates involved in forecasting cash flows and other           critical assumptions applied.
significant assumptions used in the valuation.                   In addition, as impairment testing remains a key area of
                                                                 focus for the group's external auditor, the committee
The valuation of intangible assets arising as a result of        reviewed the external auditor's reporting on impairment
acquisitions was considered as a significant reporting matter
due to the magnitude of the acquisitions during the year, the
significant judgement applied by management in identifying
acquired intangible assets and in the assumptions underlying
the valuation thereof.

Impairment testing of assets including goodwill, other
intangible assets and investments

Goodwill and intangible assets

The increase in risk-free rates and the war in Ukraine at the
beginning of the 2022 calendar year resulted in the need to
update the goodwill impairment assessment performed at 31
December 2021. The impact of the war in Ukraine did not
result in an impairment of goodwill for the businesses in
Russia or Ukraine.

The group's net asset value includes significant amounts of
goodwill and intangible assets (refer to notes 7 and 34).

These balances are tested at least annually for impairment at

22 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Report of the audit committee

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Significant reporting matter                                   Conclusions reached/actions taken
Applicable to the consolidated financial statements

the level of individual cash generating units (CGUs). The      testing and the valuations used for this purpose. The
recoverable amounts of the CGUs were based on either the       committee also received detailed written feedback from
fair value estimates by reference to recent funding rounds or  management on how valuation principles, areas of
market transactions (where applicable) or value in use         judgement and forecasts have been impacted by current
estimates using discounted cash flow models. This process      economic conditions.
involves complex calculations and the exercise of critical
management judgement regarding assumptions and                 The impairment assessments for equity-accounted associates
estimates.                                                     and joint ventures considered the financial performance of
                                                               the investments during the period and determined whether
Investment in associates                                       there were any significant indicators, such as a decline in the
The recent decline in the share price of Delivery Hero and     market capitalisation for listed investments, significant
SkillSoft was identified as an impairment indicator for these  market movements or any material financial losses for
associate investments.                                         unlisted investments, that would result in an impairment
                                                               loss.

                                                               The group used its budgets and forecasts to perform
                                                               discounted cash flow valuations in order to determine the
                                                               recoverable amount (the higher of its value in use and
                                                               market prices) of its equity accounted associates and joint
                                                               ventures to identify whether any impairments should be
                                                               recognised.

                                                               Of all listed equity-accounted investments, impairment
                                                               indicators were identified for Delivery Hero and Skillsoft due
                                                               to the decline in their respective market capitalisations. The
                                                               carrying value exceeded the recoverable amount for all listed
                                                               investments with the exception of the investment in Skillsoft.
                                                               For all unlisted equity accounted investments a net
                                                               impairment loss of US$3m was recognised mainly due to the
                                                               equity accounted associates and joint venture performance
                                                               during the current year falling below expectations.

                                                               Consequently, the committee was satisfied with the
                                                               appropriateness of the analysis performed by management
                                                               and the impairment-related disclosures in the consolidated
                                                               annual financial statements.

Share-based payments                                           The committee acknowledged that the human resources and
                                                               remuneration committee reviews the valuations, including
The group has a number of share-based compensation             assumptions and allocations, of the share-based
schemes (refer to note 37). The share-based payments           compensation schemes as well as the various scheme rules.
arising therefrom involve complex valuations and the use of
critical management judgement regarding assumptions, the       The committee noted the report of the human resources and
classification of the schemes and estimates.                   remuneration committee will be tabled at the Naspers board
                                                               meeting in August and will detail the results of these reviews
                                                               as per the normal process. The committee noted that these
                                                               valuations and the underlying assumptions are used for the
                                                               accounting of share-based payments.

                                                               The committee also reviewed the accounting and disclosure
                                                               of share-based payments in the annual financial statements.

                                                               As a result, the committee concluded that that accounting
                                                               and disclosure of share-based payments in the consolidated
                                                               annual financial statements is appropriate.

23 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report of the audit committee

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

INTERNAL AUDIT

The committee has oversight of the consolidated and company financial statements and reporting process, including the
system of internal financial control. It is responsible for ensuring that the group's risk and audit function is independent and
has the necessary resources, standing and authority in the organisation to discharge its duties.

The committee oversees cooperation between internal and external auditors and serves as a link between the board of
directors and these functions. The head of risk and audit reports functionally to the chair of the committee and
administratively to the financial director. An assessment of the effectiveness of the risk and audit function, as well as the
head of risk and audit, is performed annually by the committee. Based on the assessment, the committee is of the opinion
that the risk and audit function, as well as the head of risk and audit, is effective.

EFFECTIVENESS OF THE COMPANY'S INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS

The committee reports to the board that it is of the opinion that, based on enquiries made and the reports from the internal
and external auditors, the internal financial controls of the company and its investments are effective. Although the
committee was appraised of certain areas in which control improvements are recommended, have started or have been
completed, after consideration it is of the opinion that none of these imply a material weakness in financial control of the
company and its subsidiaries for the year under review.

INDEPENDENCE AND EFFECTIVENESS OF THE EXTERNAL AUDITOR

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. (PwC) was reappointed as auditor of the company until the next annual general meeting. PwC
has been the auditor of Naspers for 106 years. The committee believes that the auditor has observed the highest level of
business and professional ethics. The committee is satisfied that the auditor has at all times acted with unimpaired
independence.

Details of fees paid to the external auditor are disclosed in note 15 to the annual financial statements on page 82.

All non-audit services were approved by the committee during the current financial year in accordance with the board-
approved policy on non-audit services performed by the external auditor. The partner responsible for the audit is required to
rotate every five years. The committee meets with the auditor independently of senior management.

During the year, the audit committee reviewed a representation by the external auditor and, after conducting its own review,
confirmed the independence of the auditor. The quality of the external audit was reviewed, focusing on a range of factors
considered relevant to audit quality and feedback from PwC on their performance against their own objectives, the
committee concluded the external audit to be satisfactory.

It was confirmed that no unresolved issues of concern exist between the group and the external auditors.

MANDATORY AUDITOR ROTATION

Following an extensive tender process under leadership of the committee, the company announced its proposal to appoint
Deloitte as the company's new auditor for a term of four years starting 1 April 2023.

At the start of the tender process, a number of selection criteria were defined, including: the proposed audit team, the
organisation of the audit team, the technical consultation process the audit approach, fee structure, flexibility and ability to
respond to a changing environment, the transition plan, reputation and credentials and ability to mobilise relevant expertise
and resources. The tender process included site visits to the most important markets and workshops with the group
functions and business groups, which provided the opportunity to evaluate who the next auditor should be. These
impressions, together with a comparison of the written tender offers, followed by presentations to the executive directors,
senior management and members of the committee, led to a decision of the board to propose and recommend the
appointment of Deloitte to the shareholders.

The decisive factors to recommend Deloitte were the consistent strong performance of the proposed team, the best
perceived integrated audit approach and competitive fee proposal. The company's current auditor will remain in function
until the conclusion of the audit for the financial year 2023.

CONFIDENTIAL MEETINGS

Audit committee agendas provide for confidential meetings between committee members and the internal and external
auditors.

24 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report of the audit committee

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

EXPERTISE AND EXPERIENCE OF FINANCIAL DIRECTOR AND THE FINANCE FUNCTION

As required by JSE Listings Requirement 3.84(h), the committee has satisfied itself that the financial director has appropriate
expertise and experience. In addition, the committee satisfied itself that the composition, experience and skill set of the
finance function met the group's requirements.

Based on an assessment performed annually, the committee is of the opinion that the finance function, as well as the
financial director, is effective.

COMBINED ASSURANCE

The board does not only rely on the adequacy of the internal control embedment process, but considers reports on the
effectiveness of risk management activities from the risk committee. The committee ensures that the assurance functions of
management as well as internal and external audit are sufficiently integrated and is satisfied with the effectiveness of the
arrangements for combined assurance. The various assurance providers to the board comprise the following:

 Senior management and the risk committee consider the company's risk strategy and policy, along with their
     effectiveness and efficiency. The risk committee also considers the adequacy of risk management strategies, systems of
     internal control, risk profiles and legal compliance. The committee receives assurance from the risk committee that risk
     management activities are sufficiently addressed and effective.

 the committee considers the systems of internal control, internal and external audit reports and also reviews the
     independence of the auditor, the extent and nature of audit engagements, scope of work and findings. This committee
     also reviews the level of disclosure in the consolidated annual financial statements and the appropriateness of
     accounting policies adopted by management, and jointly with the risk committee considers material issues of fraud and
     reporting on fraud. The board reviews the performance of the committee against its charter.

The chair of the committee reports to the board at the board meeting following each committee meeting on matters
addressed by the committee at its last meeting.

DISCHARGE OF RESPONSIBILITIES

The committee determined that, during the financial year under review, it had discharged its legal and other responsibilities
as outlined in terms of its remit, details of which are included in the full corporate governance report on www.naspers.com.
The board concurred with this assessment.

KEY FOCUS AREAS GOING FORWARD

The committee's key focus for the 2023 financial year include:
 Discharging its functions in terms of its charter.
 Assessing the impact of changes to accounting standards.
 Ensuring group reporting meets JSE Listings Requirements and any other requirements which arise due to Naspers's

     listings.
 Ongoing compliance with King IVTM .
 Overseeing the mandatory audit firm rotation process.
 focussing regularly on the group's working capital requirements and ensuring that the group and its subsidiaries

     continue to operate as going concerns.
 Reviewing and monitoring the accounting for potential mergers, acquisitions and disposal and the conduct of

     impairment tests.

Steve Pacak
Chair: Audit committee
25 June 2022

25 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
      statements

Independent auditor's report

To the Shareholders of Naspers Limited

Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements

Our opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated and separate financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
and separate financial position of Naspers Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (together the Group) as at 31 March
2022, and its consolidated and separate financial performance and its consolidated and separate cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act of South
Africa.
What we have audited
Naspers Limited's consolidated and separate financial statements set out on pages 39 to 199 comprise:

     the consolidated and company statements of financial position as at 31 March 2022;
      the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;
     the consolidated and company statements of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
     the consolidated and company statements of changes in equity for the year then ended;
     the consolidated and company statements of cash flows for the year then ended; and
     the notes to the financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
statements section of our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors' Code of Professional
Conduct for Registered Auditors (IRBA Code) and other independence requirements applicable to performing audits of
financial statements in South Africa. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IRBA Code and
in accordance with other ethical requirements applicable to performing audits in South Africa. The IRBA Code is consistent
with the corresponding sections of the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' International Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards).

26 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
      statements

Our audit approach

Overview

          Overall group materiality

                US$500 million which represents 1% of consolidated net assets

          Group audit scope

               We identified significant components based on the following indicators:
                    consolidated revenue, consolidated profit before tax, consolidated total
                    assets and consolidated total liabilities.

               We conducted full scope audits at 5 significant components, and other
                    audit procedures on 7 other components due to their risk or contribution
                    to the consolidated financial statements.

               Virtual site reviews were performed by the group team for the work
                    performed by PwC teams in China (Tencent Holdings Limited (Tencent)),
                    Romania (Etail segment), Poland (Classifieds segment), Brazil (Movile,
                    including iFood) and the Netherlands (Prosus N.V. Group).

          Key audit matters

               Accounting for the voluntary share exchange transaction (applicable to
                    the consolidated financial statements);

               Accounting for the equity accounted investment in Tencent Holdings
                    Limited (applicable to the consolidated financial statements);

               Valuation of intangible assets arising as a result of acquisitions (applicable
                    to the consolidated financial statements);

               Impairment assessment of goodwill and intangible assets arising from
                    business combinations and investments in associates (applicable to the
                    consolidated financial statements) and investments in subsidiaries
                    (applicable to the company financial statements); and

               Valuation of share-based compensation schemes and share-based
                    payments (applicable to the consolidated financial statements).

As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risk of material misstatement in the consolidated
and separate financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made important judgements; for
example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that
are inherently uncertain. In Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements and Note 1 of the company financial statements,
the Company describes the areas of judgement in applying accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty.
Significant market volatility in the current year demonstrated market uncertainties with respect to macro-economic and
geopolitical conditions, which impacted the Company's assessment of the value of its investments, and therefore, we
considered the following matters as key audit matters given the significant estimation uncertainty, the related higher
inherent risk of material misstatement and the magnitude of the impact:

27 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
statements

         accounting for the voluntary share exchange transaction;
         valuation of intangible assets arising as a result of acquisitions;
         impairment assessment of goodwill and intangible assets arising from business combinations and of investments

             in associates (applicable to the consolidated financial statements) and subsidiaries (applicable to the company
             financial statements); and
         valuation of share-based compensation schemes and share-based payments;

The most significant investment is in Tencent. We considered the accounting for this investment also as a key audit matter.

We considered these matters as key audit matters as set out in the section `Key audit matters' of this report.

Other areas of focus that were not considered to be key audit matters, were the accounting for corporate transactions (other
than those that are included as part of key audit matters), valuation of put option liabilities, the accuracy, occurrence and
completeness of revenue recognition and the impact of the Russian government's military invasion of Ukraine on the
financial statements.

We ensured that the audit teams at both group and component level included the appropriate skills and competencies which
are needed for the audit of a company with a diversified investment portfolio as well as the audit of the various consumer
internet businesses. We therefore included in our team specialists and experts in the areas of Information Technology, tax,
valuations, share-based payments, financial instruments and sustainability.

Materiality

The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance
whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They
are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the consolidated financial statements.

Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall
group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as a whole as set out in the table below. These, together with
qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit
procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually and in aggregate on the financial statements as a
whole.

Overall group materiality US$500 million

How we determined it   We used our professional judgement and our knowledge obtained of the Group
                       to determine overall materiality. As a basis for our judgement, we used 1% of
                       net assets.

   Rationale for the   Based on our analysis of the common information needs of users of the
materiality benchmark  consolidated financial statements we determined that an asset-based
                       benchmark is appropriate. We believe that, given the focus on long-term value
         applied       creation of the investments, that `net assets' is the most suitable benchmark.

How we tailored our group audit scope
28 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
      statements

We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the consolidated
financial statements as a whole, taking into account the management structure of the Group, the nature of operations of its
components, the accounting processes and controls, and the markets in which the components of the Group operate. In
establishing the overall group audit strategy and plan, we determined the type of work required to be performed at
component level by the group engagement team and by each component auditor.

In scoping our group audit, we first determined the components that are individually financially significant to the group,
namely: Tencent, the Classifieds and Etail segments, Movile group (including iFood) as well as the listed entity Prosus N.V.
which includes the majority of the Group's cash, short-term investments and external debt. These components were
subjected to audits of their complete financial information (full scope audits). To address the risks and achieve appropriate
audit coverage over the consolidated financial statements, we selected 7 additional components (being the Payments and
Fintech segment, Takealot, and the Media24 Group and certain corporate entities) for audits of their complete financial
information. We also performed specific audit procedures on the financial information of the Edtech segment.

The group engagement team performed further audit and review procedures over the remaining balances and the
consolidation process to corroborate our assessment that there was no significant risk of material misstatement within those
components.

In establishing the overall approach to the group audit, we determined the extent of the work that needed to be performed
by us, as the group engagement team, or by component auditors from other PwC network firms, or non-PwC firms operating
under our instruction, in order to issue our audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. The Group
engagement team performed the audit work on the corporate entities. For all other components we used component
auditors who are familiar with the local laws and regulations to perform the audit work.

Where component auditors performed the work, we determined the level of involvement we needed to have in their audit
work to be able to conclude whether we had obtained sufficient and appropriate audit evidence as a basis for our opinion on
the consolidated financial statements as a whole.

We issued group audit instructions to the component audit teams in our audit scope. These instructions included amongst
others our risk analysis, materiality, and scope of the work. We explained to the component audit teams the structure of the
Group, the main developments that were relevant for the component auditors, the risks identified, the materiality levels to
be applied and our global audit approach. We had individual calls and video-meetings with each of the in-scope component
audit teams before them commencing their respective audits, throughout the audit and upon conclusion of their work.
During these meetings, we discussed our instructions, the audit plan and execution, significant risks, the accounting for
significant transactions, audit issues and other relevant audit topics identified by the component auditors, their reports, the
findings of their procedures and other matters, which could be of relevance for the consolidated financial statements. In
addition, we discussed the strategy and financial performance of the local businesses with group and segment management
and local management of selected businesses.

The Covid-19 pandemic continued to limit our ability to physically visit significant components during the year, hence we
conducted a series of video meetings and performed a remote review of selected working papers of the work performed by
component teams in China (Tencent) and the Prosus N.V. Group team conducted a review of the work performed by the
component teams in Poland (Classifieds segment), Brazil (Movile group, including iFood) and Romania (Etail segment). In
terms of the execution of our audit, we considered the impact of the travel and other restrictions on our audit and on the
review and supervision of our teams. To a large extent, our teams globally worked remotely and digitally, supported by video
meetings and PwC's digital tooling. While maintaining compliance with local health regulations, we performed sufficient
physical checks of inventory and documents.

29 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
statements

By performing the procedures above at components, combined with additional procedures at group level, we have been able
to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence on the Group's financial information, as a whole, to provide a basis for
our opinion on the financial statements.

As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other
matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.

Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

1. Accounting for the voluntary share exchange           We performed, among others, the following
transaction (applicable to the consolidated financial    procedures:
statements) (refer to notes 4, 9, 23 and 24 (financial
disclosures) to the consolidated financial statements)         Reviewed the underlying contracts, and with
                                                                   the support of our technical accounting
Following the approval by an extraordinary general                 specialists, we evaluated the accounting,
meeting of shareholders in July 2021, the Group                    recognition and presentation of the
executed a voluntary share exchange programme,                     transaction against the requirements of
whereby shareholders could exchange their Naspers                  International Financial Reporting Standards
N ordinary shares for Prosus N.V. ("Prosus") N                     (IFRS);
ordinary shares. These shares were newly issued by
Prosus, and the share exchange transaction resulted            Balances recognised as a result of the
in Prosus holding 49.9% of the Naspers N Ordinary                  transaction were tested through
shares. In addition, Naspers's legal interest in Prosus            reconciliation to underlying supporting
diluted from 73% to 57%. A cross-holding agreement                 documentation;
was concluded between Naspers and Prosus that
arranged future distributions by Prosus and Naspers            Evaluated the reasonableness of
through a waiver by Prosus of its entitlement to                   assumptions applied by management in
distributions, that originate from Prosus, on the                  determining the Prosus N.V. group net asset
Naspers shares that it holds. Based on these                       value on the date of the share exchange
distribution rights, Naspers holds an economic                     transaction by corroboration with evidence
interest in Prosus of 42.3% as at 31 March 2022.                   obtained in other areas of the audit;

Treasury shares of US$38.6 billion were recognised as          Tested the calculation of the change in the
a result of Prosus's shareholding in Naspers. An                   non-controlling shareholding interest after
additional non-controlling interest of US$21.8 billion             considering the principles outlined in the
was also recognised representing the transaction with              cross-holding agreement; and
equity holders due to the dilution of Naspers's
shareholding in Prosus. Management applied                     Tested the related financial statement
judgement in calculating the net asset value of the                disclosures against the disclosure
Prosus group on 16 August 2021 (effective date of the              requirements of IFRS.
share swap) for the purpose of calculating the change
                                                         In respect of the audit procedures specified above no
                                                         material findings were identified.

30 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
      statements

in non-controlling interest.

The accounting for the voluntary share exchange
transaction was considered as a key audit matter due
to the complexity of the transaction, the magnitude
of the amounts involved, and the significant
judgements applied by management in the
accounting for the transaction.

2. Accounting for the equity accounted investment in      We performed, among others, the following
Tencent Holdings Limited (applicable to the               procedures:
consolidated financial statements) (refer to Basis of
consolidation section, note 6 and note 10 (financial            Obtained the equity accounted results
disclosures) to the consolidated financial statements)              recorded by the Group and reconciled them
                                                                    to the audited 31 December 2021 financial
The Group holds an investment in Tencent Holdings                   statements of Tencent;
Limited (Tencent) which is accounted for in
accordance with IAS 28, `Investments in Associates              Assessed the appropriateness of the lag
and Joint Ventures'. The carrying amount at 31 March                period adjustments based on Tencent's
2022 is US$34.8 billion. In April 2021, the Group sold              publicly available first quarter financial
2% of Tencent's issued share capital resulting in a gain            information for the period ended 31 March
on partial disposal of US$12.3 billion. In December                 2022, as well as input from the component
2021, Tencent declared a special interim dividend in                audit team to gain comfort that material lag
the form of shares in JD.com which was distributed                  period adjustments were appropriately
on 25 March 2022.                                                   accounted for;

Tencent has a year-end (31 December) that is not                Compared the accounting policies of the
coterminous with that of the Group. In accordance                   associate to that of the Group to identify
with IAS 28, the Group included a lag period                        material differences with IFRS; and
adjustment reflecting significant transactions that
occurred between Tencent's year end and 31 March                Reperformed the calculation underlying the
(the Group's year-end).                                             gain on partial disposal of the investment in
                                                                    Tencent and the receipt of the dividend
Management calculated the gain on partial disposal                  relating to JD.com and agreed both
as the excess of the proceeds received on the disposal              transactions to minutes of the board of
over the proportion of the carrying value of the                    directors and external supporting
investment disposed.                                                documentation such as bank statements, the
                                                                    shareholder register and external public
Management accounted for the dividend received                      information.
from Tencent relating to JD.com as a reduction of the
carrying value of the investment in associate and the     In respect of the audit procedures specified above, no
recognition of a fair value through other                 material findings were identified.
comprehensive income (FVOCI) investment at the fair
value on the date of distribution amounting to US$
3.9 billion.

The accounting for the investment in Tencent was a

31 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
      statements

matter of significance due to the magnitude of the
carrying amount, the significant contribution of the
associate investment to the consolidated results of
the Group and the judgement involved in adjusting
for significant transactions that occur in the lag
period. Therefore, we considered the accounting for
the investment in Tencent as a key audit matter.

3. Valuation of intangible assets arising as a result of With the support of our internal valuation experts,

acquisitions (refer to notes 6, 7 and 10 of the we performed, among others, the following

consolidated financial statements)                       procedures:

The Group concluded acquisitions of subsidiaries and           Agreed transaction details to supporting
associates throughout the year, most notably the                   documentation such as signed purchase
acquisition of 100% interest in Stack Overflow for a               agreements and proof of payment;
consideration of US$1.7 billion and the acquisition of
an additional interest in associate Delivery Hero of           Evaluated the competence, capabilities and
6.3% for US$2.5 billion.                                           objectivity of valuation experts engaged by
                                                                   the Group;
In accordance with IFRS 3, `Business Combinations'
and IAS 28, `Investments in Associates and Joint               Assessed the appropriateness of the
Ventures', the accounting for these acquisitions                   identifiable intangible assets identified by
requires management to perform a purchase price                    management and their valuation experts
allocation which requires significant judgement by                 based on our knowledge of the business
management to determine the fair value of the                      models of acquired businesses;
identifiable assets and liabilities and the resulting
goodwill. As part of the valuation process,                    Assessed the reasonableness of the fair
management involved external valuation experts to                  value measurements prepared by
assist in the determination of the purchase price                  management and their valuation experts by
allocation and valuation of identified assets and                  corroborating and where appropriate
liabilities. The purchase price allocation performed               benchmarking key data and assumptions
for Stack Overflow resulted in the recognition of                  used in the valuation model such as pre-
intangible assets of US$247 million and goodwill of                acquisition carrying values, royalty rates and
US$1.5 billion. The purchase price allocation for                  retention rates for identified intangible
equity accounting purposes performed for the                       assets;
additional investment in associate Delivery Hero
resulted in notional intangible assets net of US$0.5           Compared the assumptions and data
billion and notional goodwill of US$2.1 billion.                   underlying the weighted average cost of
                                                                   capital (WACC) with our own assumptions
The valuation of the intangible assets arising as a                and publicly available data;
result of acquisitions was a matter of significance due
to the judgement and complexity involved in                    Tested the computational accuracy of the
performing the purchase price allocations, specifically            fair value measurement calculations
the underlying estimates involved in forecasting cash              prepared by management and their
flows and other significant assumptions used in the                valuation experts;
valuation. Therefore, we considered the accounting
                                                               Tested the reasonability of future cash flow

                                                                   forecasts and underlying management

                                                                   assumptions by reconciling the resulting

                                                                   valuation to the purchase consideration; and

                                                               Tested the related financial statement

                                                                   disclosures against the disclosure

                                                                   requirements of IFRS 3 and IAS 28.

                                                         In respect of the audit procedures specified above, no

32 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
      statements

for the valuation of the intangible assets as a key material findings were identified.
audit matter.

4. Impairment assessment of goodwill and intangible      We performed procedures, with the support of our
assets arising from business combinations and            valuation experts, which varied in depth per CGU or
investments in associates (applicable to the             investment. Based on our assessment of the risk of
consolidated financial statements) and investments in    material misstatement due to fraud or error, we
subsidiaries (applicable to the company financial        consider among others, (i) the size and maturity of
statements) (refer to Basis of consolidation section     the underlying business, (ii) the headroom between
and notes 7 and 10 (financial disclosures) to the        the recoverable amount and carrying amount, (iii)
consolidated financial statements and note 2 to the      availability of external market data, and (iv) possible
company financial statements)                            indicators of management bias.

The consolidated financial statements include            We performed, among others, the following
material assets resulting from business combinations     procedures:
and investments in associates. Such assets include:
                                                                    Assessed the composition of future cash
 Goodwill (US$3.5 billion)                                               flow forecasts and the underlying
 Intangible assets recognised in purchase                                management assumptions by evaluating
                                                                         (i) the accuracy of previous forecasts of
     accounting (US$0.9 billion)                                         the CGU or investment by comparing
 Investments in associates (US$44.5 billion)                             the budgets of previous financial years
                                                                         with actual result and by analysing
In accordance with IAS 36, `Impairment of Assets', at                    deviations, (ii) the consistency with
each reporting date the Company tests these assets                       external market and industry data, (iii)
for impairment whenever there is objective evidence                      the corroboration of strategic initiatives
of impairment. For goodwill, this test is performed at                   with evidence obtained in other areas of
least annually at the level of relevant Cash Generating                  the audit, and (iv) the expectations of
Units (CGUs) and whenever there is an impairment                         certain equity analysts covering Prosus
indicator identified by management at an                                 and Naspers for a specific CGU or
intermediate reporting date.                                             investment and (v) the impact of the
                                                                         Russian government's military invasion
As a result of the impairment tests performed,                           of Ukraine and overall market volatility
impairment charges of US$246 million (goodwill) and                      in recent months on discount rates,
US$587 million (investments in associates) were                          future cash flow forecasts and potential
recognised in the consolidated financial statements.                     other valuation adjustments;

Investments in subsidiary (Company financial                        Assessed the reasonableness of terminal
statements)                                                              growth rates used by management per
                                                                         CGU or investment by comparing to the
As described in Note 2 of the Company financial                          long-term growth rates most reflective
statements, the carrying amount of the investment in                     of the underlying operations, obtained
Prosus N.V. (subsidiary) amounts to R1.3 trillion as of                  from independent external sources;
31 March 2022. The decline in the quoted price of
Prosus N.V. was considered an indicator for potential               Compared the inputs to discount rates
impairment. The carrying amount of the investment                        used by management to externally
in Prosus N.V. was tested for potential impairment                       obtained data such as risk-free rates,
through the valuation estimates for the underlying                       equity market risk premiums, country
                                                                         risk premiums, as well as the betas of

33 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
statements

investments (`sum-of-parts').                             comparable companies;
                                                      Assessed the reasonableness of
These impairment assessments were considered as a
key audit matter due to the significant judgement         additional risk adjustment factors
applied by management in determining the                  included in discount rates for certain
recoverable amounts as well as the magnitude of the       CGUs and investments in relation to the
balances involved.                                        risk profile of the future cash flow
                                                          forecasts;
                                                      Recalculated the carrying amount of the
                                                          goodwill related to the CGUs with
                                                          reference to underlying documentation;
                                                      Challenged management's valuation
                                                          analyses by performing our own
                                                          sensitivity analyses based on
                                                          independent inputs for key valuation
                                                          assumptions;
                                                      Evaluated external analyst report
                                                          valuations for certain CGUs or
                                                          investments and compared these to
                                                          management's valuations;
                                                      Where value in use was applied to listed
                                                          investments, compared the determined
                                                          value to the listed share price (fair value
                                                          less cost of disposal) as at year end and
                                                          considered market related adjustments;
                                                      With respect to the carrying amount of
                                                          the investment in subsidiaries in the
                                                          company financial statements, we
                                                          compared the `sum-of-the-parts'
                                                          valuation of Prosus' subsidiaries and
                                                          associates and the resulting implied
                                                          value of the company to the company's
                                                          market capitalization and considered
                                                          whether the resulting implied holding
                                                          discount would indicate the need to
                                                          include certain adjustments to the
                                                          valuations used in the impairment
                                                          assessment; and
                                                      Tested the related financial statements
                                                          disclosures against the disclosure
                                                          requirements of IFRS.

                                                     In respect of the audit procedures specified above, no
                                                     material findings were identified.

5. Valuation of share-based compensation schemes Using our valuation expertise, we assessed if the
and share-based payments (applicable to the approach adopted by management in the option

34 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
statements

consolidated financial statements) (refer to note 37         valuation models is in line with the requirements of
(financial disclosures) to the consolidated financial        IFRS 2, "Share Based Payment", including
statements).                                                 consideration of the terms of the share-based
                                                             compensation schemes and changes to the existing
The Group has share-based compensation plans                 plans. Based on our assessment of the risk of material
which are used to grant share options, restricted            misstatement due to fraud or error, we considered
stock units (RSUs), performance share units (PSUs)           possible indicators which included among others
and share appreciation rights (SARs) to employees.           possible indicators of management bias.

The share-based compensation expense amounts to              With the support of our internal valuation experts,
US$148 million for cash settled schemes, US$125              we assessed the key inputs in the option valuation
million for equity settled schemes and the total cash-       calculation by performing the following procedures,
settled liabilities amount to US$1.2 billion for the year    amongst others:
ended 31 March 2022.
                                                                  (i) agreed risk free rates to independently
The grant date fair value and the remeasured fair                      obtained data; (ii) agreed expected volatility
value of the options at each reporting period were                     rates for listed companies to independently
calculated by management using an option valuation                     obtained external data, and for unlisted
model. In estimating the fair value of options                         companies, to volatility rates of comparable
management uses assumptions relating to risk free                      companies in the market; (iii) for schemes
rates, volatility rates, dividend yields, forfeiture rates,            with listed shares, agreed the share prices to
listed share prices, and for schemes with unlisted                     the listed share price as at the grant date for
shares, the share prices of the underlying businesses.                 equity settled awards and for schemes with
All awards were granted subject to the completion of                   unlisted shares, recalculated the share price
a requisite service (vesting) period by employees.                     of the underlying business based on the
                                                                       valuations performed by management and
The share schemes as disclosed within note 37 were                     the number of shares of the relevant
considered to be most significant in terms of their                    scheme; (iv) assessed dividend yields by
contribution to the total share-based compensation                     agreeing the share price information to
balances of the Group and have therefore been                          independently obtained data and
separately disclosed by management in the                              recalculating the average historical dividend
consolidated financial statements.                                     yield; and
                                                                       (v) assessed the reasonableness of forfeiture
Management used an external management                                 rates in terms of the history of forfeitures for
valuation expert to assist them in determining the                     each grant of the relevant share
company value and the scheme share value (`sum-of-                     option/share appreciation right scheme.
the parts') on an annual basis. In determining the
company value and the scheme share value, the                We assessed the competence, capabilities and
management expert used a number of valuation                 objectivity of management's experts utilised in
methods, including, the use of comparable peer               performing the business valuations for the valuation
multiples, precedent transactions and DCF                    of schemes with unlisted shares.
(Discounted Cash Flow) valuations.
                                                             With the support of our internal valuation experts,
Due to the volume of share-based payment                     we obtained an understanding and assessed the
transactions and the complexity surrounding the              reasonableness of the valuation methods applied by
valuations, specifically the assumptions, judgements         the management expert in determining the
and estimates used in the option valuation models            enterprise value of the schemes with unlisted shares.
relating to each scheme, the potential for                   Where the enterprise value was determined using a
                                                             DCF valuation, the procedures performed were
                                                             consistent with those detailed under the impairment

35 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
statements

management bias in determining the values, the     assessment of non-financial assets key audit matter.
valuation of share-based compensation schemes and  Where market related inputs such as trading
share-based payments was considered a key audit    multiples and transaction multiples were used by the
matter.                                            management expert, we assessed the reasonableness
                                                   thereof by comparing it to independent external
                                                   market sources.

                                                   We have discussed the governance process on the
                                                   share scheme valuations with the chair of the
                                                   remuneration committee and the audit committee
                                                   chair.

                                                   We evaluated whether the disclosures were in
                                                   compliance with the disclosure requirements of IFRS
                                                   2.

                                                   In respect of the audit procedures specified above, no
                                                   material findings were identified

Other information

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
document titled "Naspers Limited Annual financial statements 2022"and in the document titled "Naspers Limited Integrated
Annual Report 2022", which includes the Certificate by the Company Secretary, the report of the Audit Committee and the
Directors' Report to shareholders as required by the Companies Act of South Africa. The other information does not include
the consolidated or the separate financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated and separate financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated and separate financial statements

The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated and separate financial statements
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa,
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated and separate
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group and
the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group and/or the Company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

36 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
      statements

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and separate financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated and separate financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and separate financial statements,
          whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
          evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
          misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
          forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
          Group's and the Company's internal control.

     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
          related disclosures made by the directors.

     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
          audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
          significant doubt on the Group's and the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
          material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in
          the consolidated and separate financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
          Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future
          events or conditions may cause the Group and / or Company to cease to continue as a going concern.

     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated and separate financial statements,
          including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated and separate financial statements represent the underlying
          transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
          within the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
          direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

37 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Report on the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
      statements

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In terms of the IRBA Rule published in Government Gazette Number 39475 dated 4 December 2015, we report that
PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. has been the auditor of Naspers Limited since the Company's formation in 1915 (107 years).

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc.
Director: Vicki Myburgh
Registered Auditor
Johannesburg, South Africa
25 June 2022

38 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Consolidated statement of financial position

as at 31 March 2022

                                                                                                                      31 March           1 April

                                                                                                                                Restated* Restated*

                                                                                                                      2022      2021     2020

                                                                                                             Notes    US$'m US$'m US$'m

ASSETS                                                                                                           33   55 793    46 130   26 807
Non-current assets                                                                                                 7
Property, plant and equipment                                                                                            736       545      457
Goodwill                                                                                                         34    3 458     2 186    2 237
Other intangible assets                                                                                          10
Investments in associates                                                                                        11      964       825      898
Investments in joint ventures                                                                                    29   44 461    40 566   22 235
Investments and loans                                                                                            36
Other receivables                                                                                                43      146       160        74
Related party receivables                                                                                        41    5 606     1 621      818
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                 21
Deferred taxation                                                                                                        135         17        5
Current assets                                                                                                   35      243       174         8
Inventory                                                                                                        30                           55
Trade receivables                                                                                                36        13         9       20
Other receivables                                                                                                43        31        27
Related party receivables                                                                                        41                       9 512
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                 29   15 524     7 687      260
Other investments                                                                                                28      571       397      139
Short-term investments                                                                                           27      318       185      443
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                899       614        99
                                                                                                                           13        10         -
Assets classified as held for sale                                                                                         27        18         -
                                                                                                                             -
                                                                                                                                 1 258    4 060
                                                                                                                       3 924     1 439    4 303
                                                                                                                       9 733     3 758
                                                                                                                                          9 304
                                                                                                                      15 485     7 679      208
                                                                                                                           39         8

TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                                          71 317 53 817 36 319

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                                                                20 581 29 194 21 750
Capital and reserves attributable to the group's equity holders

Share capital and premium*                                                                                   24 4 611            4 611    4 611
Treasury shares*                                                                                             24 (43 753)        (3 679)  (1 249)
Other reserves                                                                                               25 14 803          (3 753)  (8 846)
Retained earnings                                                                                            26 44 920          32 015   27 234

Non-controlling interests                                                                                             29 547 11 667      8 178

TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                                          50 128 40 861 29 928

Non-current liabilities                                                                                               16 550    8 647    4 184
Post-employment medical liability                                                                                                  22       17
Long-term liabilities                                                                                        39       21
Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                   8 148    3 759
Cash-settled share-based payment liability                                                                   31 15 933             60      160
Provisions                                                                                                                                  40
Derivative financial instruments                                                                             32       160         150         5
Deferred taxation                                                                                                                    6        2
                                                                                                             37       184                  201
                                                                                                                                   32
                                                                                                             38       6           229

                                                                                                             41       2

                                                                                                             21       244

Current liabilities                                                                                                   4 639     4 309    2 207
Current portion of long-term liabilities                                                                                          110       67
Provisions                                                                                                   31       198          17       10
Trade payables                                                                                                                    395
Accrued expenses(1)                                                                                          38       9                    322
Other current liabilities(1)                                                                                                    1 521      974
Cash-settled share-based payment liability(1)                                                                         609       1 251      709
Related party payables
Taxation payable                                                                                             40 1 773             977       18
Dividends payable                                                                                                                    4        3
Derivative financial instruments                                                                             32 1 014                         7
Bank overdrafts                                                                                                                    21         1
                                                                                                             37       985            2
                                                                                                                                     2      38
                                                                                                                      6              9      32

                                                                                                                      7

                                                                                                                      2

                                                                                                             41       18

                                                                                                             27       18

Liabilities classified as held for sale                                                                               4 639     4 309    2 181
                                                                                                                           -         -      26

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                                                          71 317 53 817 36 319

* Refer to note 4 for details of the group's reclassification of treasury shares during the current period.

(1)Accrued expenses, other current liabilities and cash-settled share-based payment liabilities were previously aggregated into "Accrued expenses and other

current liabilities." These balances are now presented separately due to their significance.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated annual financial statements.

39 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Consolidated income statement                                                                       31 March

          for the year ended 31 March 2022                                                                2022      2021

Revenue from contracts with customers                                                           Notes     US$'m US$'m
Cost of providing services and sale of goods
Selling, general and administration expenses                                                          14   7 940     5 934
Other gains/(losses) - net                                                                            15  (5 617)   (4 088)
Operating loss                                                                                        15  (3 061)   (2 932)
Interest income                                                                                       16
Interest expense                                                                                            (156)    ( 103)
Other finance (cost)/income - net                                                                     17
Share of equity-accounted results                                                                     17   ( 894)   (1 189)
Impairment of equity-accounted investments                                                            17       64      101
Dilution gains on equity-accounted investments                                                   10, 11
Gains on partial disposal of equity-accounted investments                                        10, 11    ( 411)    ( 268)
Net (losses)/gains on acquisitions and disposals                                                 10, 11      ( 84)     207
Profit before taxation                                                                           10, 11
Taxation(1)                                                                                           18   9 255     7 095
Profit for the year                                                                                        ( 587)      ( 32)
Attributable to:                                                                                      20               981
Equity holders of the group                                                                                    95       19
Non-controlling interests                                                                                 12 339       308
                                                                                                          (1 133)
Earnings per ordinary share (US cents) for the year                                                                  7 222
Basic                                                                                                     18 644        46
Diluted                                                                                                     (106)
                                                                                                                     7 268
(1)Refer to note 44 for details on the tax credit in the prior year.                                      18 538
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated annual financial statements.
                                                                                                          12 223    5 304
                                                                                                           6 315    1 964

                                                                                                          18 538    7 268

                                                                                                23 4 218            1 243
                                                                                                23 4 127            1 204

40 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

for the year ended 31 March 2022

                                                                                                       31 March

                                                                                                       2022       2021

                                                                                                Notes  US$'m US$'m

Profit for the year                                                                                    18 538     7 268
Other comprehensive income (OCI)
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss                                          1 611      2 023
                                                                                                          20           -
  Foreign exchange gains arising on translation of foreign operations(1)                                               -
  Hedging reserve                                                                                       ( 99)          -
                                                                                                         119
    Recognition of cash flow hedge                                                                     ( 814)     ( 424)
    Derecognition of cash flow hedge                                                                   ( 814)     ( 424)
  Share of equity-accounted investments' movement in OCI
    Foreign currency translation reserve                                                        29 ( 509)         555

Items that may not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss

  Fair-value (losses)/gains on financial assets through OCI

  Share of equity-accounted investments' movement in OCI and net asset value                    10 (2 699)        6 819
    Share-based compensation reserve                                                                      1 043     548
    Valuation reserve(2)
                                                                                                25 (3 742)        6 271
Total other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax, for the year
                                                                                                         (2 391)  8 973

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                16 147 16 241

Attributable to:                                                                                       11 980     11 989
Equity holders of the group                                                                             4 167      4 252
Non-controlling interests

                                                                                                       16 147 16 241

(1) Includes the reclassification to the income statement of US$1.14bn relating to the loss of significant influence of VK. Refer to note 4.
(2) This relates to (losses)/gains from the change in share prices of Tencent's listed investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated annual financial statements.

41 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Consolidated statement of changes in equity

for the year ended 31 March 2022

                                                        Share   Treasury    Foreign              Existing    Share-   Retained    Share-      Non-     Total
                                                       capital    shares   currency              control      based   earnings  holders'   control-   US$'m
                                                                  US$'m                         business   compen-
                                                          and                 trans-              combi-      sation     US$'m     funds        ling
                                                    premium                   lation Valuation    nation    reserve               US$'m    interest
                                                                            reserve reserve      reserve     US$'m
                                                       US$'m                 US$'m US$'m          US$'m                                     US$'m

Balance at 1 April 2020                             3 362             -    (2 974)     281      (8 029)    1 876      27 234    21 750      8 178     29 928
Reclassification of treasury shares(1)              1 249       (1 249)          -        -           -         -            -         -          -          -
                                                    4 611       (1 249)
Restated balance at 1 April 2020                                           (2 974)     281      (8 029)    1 876      27 234    21 750      8 178     29 928
Total comprehensive income for the year                  -            -    1 141     4 996            -      548       5 304    11 989      4 252     16 241
                                                         -            -                               -         -      5 304                1 964
  Profit for the year                                    -                       -        -           -      548             -   5 304      2 288      7 268
  Total other comprehensive income for the year          -            -    1 141     4 996            -       42        ( 432)   6 685                 8 973
                                                         -            -                               -       64             -    ( 390)      109       ( 281)
Share-based compensation movement                        -            -          -        -           -      ( 48)         48                 109
  Share-based compensation expense                       -            -          -        -           -       26        ( 480)       64                  173
  Transfer to retained earnings                          -            -          -        -                   ( 6)       113           -          -          -
  Other share-based compensation movements(3)            -            -          -        -        134          -        235                      -
                                                         -            -        ( 8)  ( 233)                   ( 4)      ( 108)    ( 454)          -     ( 454)
Direct equity movements                                  -            -          -   ( 235)        111        ( 2)       ( 14)         -          -          -
  Direct movements from associates                       -            -        ( 1)       2         23          -            -         -          -          -
  Transfer of reserves as a result of disposals          -      (2 430)        ( 7)       -                     -        ( 40)         -          -          -
  Other direct equity movements                          -            -          -        -      ( 398)         -            -         -     ( 136)          -
                                                         -            -          -        -         51          -       ( 149)                    -
Remeasurement of written put option liabilities          -      (3 679)          -        -           -      ( 70)       ( 15)    ( 398)          -     ( 534)
Other movements                                     4 611                        -        -           -                              11       ( 59)        11
Shares repurchased by group companies(2)                                         -        -                2 390      32 015                 ( 677)
Dividends paid(4)                                                          (1 841)   5 044      (1 104)                         (2 430)    11 667     (2 430)
Transactions with non-controlling shareholders                                                  (9 346)                           ( 149)                ( 208)

Balance at 31 March 2021                                                                                                        (1 189)               (1 866)
                                                                                                                                29 194                40 861

Restated balance at 1 April 2021                    4 611        (3 679)   (1 841)    5 044     (9 346)    2 390      32 015     29 194    11 667     40 861
Total comprehensive income for the year                  -              -     381    (1 155)           -     531      12 223     11 980     4 167     16 147
                                                         -              -        -                     -        -     12 223     12 223     6 315     18 538
  Profit for the year                                    -              -     381          -           -     531                           (2 148)    (2 391)
  Total other comprehensive loss for the year            -                       -   (1 155)                    -            -     ( 243)
Movement due to share exchange(5)                               (38 762)         -              21 812          -            -  (16 950)   16 828       ( 122)
Treasury share movements                                 -       (1 312)         -         -           -        3            -                    -   (1 312)
Share-based compensation movement                        -              -        -         -           -      50        ( 125)   (1 312)
                                                         -              -        -         -           -     ( 45)           -     ( 122)    ( 108)     ( 230)
  Share-based compensation expense                       -              -        -         -           -      ( 2)         45         50        75       125
  Transfer to retained earnings                          -              -      30          -           -                ( 170)          -         -          -
  Modification of share-based compensation               -              -        -         -          7    ( 117)        967       ( 172)
Dibreecnteefqitus(i3t)y movements                                       -             ( 887)           -        -        507            -    ( 183)     ( 355)
  Direct movements from associates                                                    ( 507)                                            -         -          -
  Realisation of reserves as a result                                                                                                             -          -
  of partial disposals of associates
  Realisation of reserves as a result of disposals  -           -          -         ( 332)     -          ( 117)      449           -     -          -
                                                                                                                -        11          -
Cancellation of written put option liabilities      -           -          30        ( 48)      7               -         8      102       -          -
Remeasurement of written put option liabilities                                                                 -          -     100
Other movements                                     -           -          -         -          94             4          8        12      24         126
Dividends paid(4)                                                                                               -               ( 176)
Transactions with non-controlling                   -           -          -         -          100                   ( 176)               137        237
shareholders(6)
                                                    -           -          -         -          -                                          -          12
Balance at 31 March 2022
                                                    -           -          -         -          -                                          ( 62) ( 238)

                                                    -           -          -              - (2 247)        -          - (2 247) (3 106) (5 353)
                                                                                     3 002 10 420
                                                    4 611 (43 753) (1 430)                                 2 811 44 920 20 581 29 547 50 128

(1) Refer to note 4 for details of the group's reclassification of treasury shares.
(2)Relates to the share repurchase program. Refer to note 24.
(3)In the prior year the decrease in retained earnings includes a decrease of US$479.5m related to the modification of equity-settled schemes.
(4)Dividend paid consists of US$42.1m(2021: US$149.0m) paid to Naspers shareholders and US$134.1(2021:US$59.2m) paid to the non-controlling shareholders of the
Naspers group. The dividend was approved on 25 August 2021 (2021: 18 August 2020) and was paid on 6 December 2021 (2021: 17 November 2020).

(5) Refer to note 4 for details of the share exchange transaction.
(6) Includes the Prosus N.V. share repurchase programme. Refer to note 9.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated annual financial statements.

42 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Consolidated statement of cash flows

for the year ended 31 March 2022

                                                                                                       31 March

                                                                                                       2022      2021

                                                                                                Notes  US$'m US$'m

Cash flows from operating activities                                                            19 ( 734) ( 144)
Cash from operations
Dividends received from equity-accounted companies                                                     572       459

Cash (utilised in)/generated from operating activities                                                 ( 162)    315
Interest income received
Interest costs paid                                                                                    46        123
Taxation paid
Net cash (utilised in)/generated from operating activities                                             ( 389) ( 253)
Cash flows from investing activities
Property, plant and equipment acquired                                                                 ( 197) ( 112)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets acquired                                                                             ( 702)    73
Proceeds from sale of intangible assets
Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses, net of cash acquired                                      ( 249) ( 124)
Disposals of subsidiaries and businesses
Acquisition of associates                                                                              19        5
Disposal of associates
Partial disposals of associates                                                                        ( 30)     ( 17)
Additional investment in existing associates
Acquisition of joint ventures                                                                          2         1
Additional investments in existing joint ventures
Loans advanced to related parties                                                               12 (1 896)       ( 15)
Acquisition of short-term investments(1)
Maturity of short-term investments(1)                                                           13     20        27
Cash paid for other investments(2)
Cash received from other investments                                                            6 (1 361) ( 286)
Cash movement in other investments and loans
Net cash generated from/(utilised in) investing activities                                             12        194

Cash flows from financing activities                                                            6 14 609         20
Payments for repurchase of treasury shares
Proceeds from long- and short-term loans raised                                                 6 (1 316) (1 484)
Repayments of long- and short-term loans
Additional investments in existing subsidiaries(3)                                                     -         ( 5)
Repayments of capitalised lease liabilities
Acquisition of group shares for equity-settled share-based compensation plans(4)                6      ( 7) ( 127)
Additional investment from non-controlling shareholders
Funding received from non-controlling shareholders                                              43     -         ( 210)
Dividends paid by the holding company
Other movements in financing activities(5)                                                             (3 966) (3 088)

                                                                                                       1 486     5 705

                                                                                                29 (1 480) (1 322)

                                                                                                       85        -

                                                                                                       ( 22)     ( 5)

                                                                                                       5 906     ( 731)

                                                                                                24 (1 286) (2 340)

                                                                                                31 9 564         4 593

                                                                                                31 (1 619) ( 155)

                                                                                                       (5 269) (1 704)

                                                                                                31     ( 60)     ( 56)

                                                                                                       ( 218) ( 117)

                                                                                                       -         53

                                                                                                       140       -

                                                                                                       ( 238) ( 218)

                                                                                                       ( 120)    ( 3)

Net cash generated from financing activities                                                           894       53

Net movement in cash and cash equivalents                                                              6 098     ( 605)
Foreign exchange translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents                                  ( 132)       83
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                 3 749
                                                                                                                 4 271

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                27 9 715         3 749

(1) Relates to short-term cash investments with maturities of more than three months from the date of acquisition. Refer to note 28.
(2) Relates to payments for the group's fair value through other comprehensive income investments.
(3) Relates to transactions with non-controlling interest resulting in changes in effective interest of existing subsidiaries. Includes the repurchase of Prosus
shares on the market in the current year US$5.0bn. Refer to note 9.

(4) Includes US$ 183.4m of Prosus shares bought for equity-settled share-based compensation plans.

(5) Includes transaction costs relating to the Prosus share exchange of US$122.4m.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated annual financial statements.

43 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Accounting framework and critical judgements (continued)

1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS
       Naspers Limited (Naspers or the group) is a global consumer internet group and one of the largest technology
       investors in the world. Naspers has its primary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) in South Africa and an
       ADR listing on the London Stock Exchange. Through Prosus N.V. (Prosus) the group operates and invests in countries
       and markets with long-term growth potential, building leading consumer internet companies that empower people
       and enrich communities. Prosus has its primary listing on Euronext Amsterdam and a secondary listing on the JSE and
       A2X Markets. Naspers is the majority shareholder of Prosus based on the voting rights and control structure of the
       Prosus group.

       The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 have been authorised for issue by the board
       of directors on 25 June 2022.

2. BASIS OF PREPARATION

        The consolidated and separate annual financial statements of the group are presented in accordance with, and comply
        with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations of those standards as issued by the
        International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and effective at the time of preparing these financial statements, the
        SAICA Financial Reporting Guides as issued by the Accounting Practices Committee, Financial Pronouncements as
        issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Council, the JSE Listings Requirements and the Companies Act No 71 of
        2008. The consolidated and separate annual financial statements are prepared using the historic cost convention apart
        from certain financial instruments (including derivative instruments) and cash-settled share-based payment schemes
        stated at fair value.
        The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated and separate annual financial
        statements have been consistently applied to all years presented, unless otherwise stated.
       Operating segments
        The group's operating segments reflect the components of the group that are regularly reviewed by the chief
        operating decision maker (CODM) as defined in note 22 "Segment information". From 1 April 2021, the group created
        a new educational technology (Edtech) segment. The segment includes the results of the group's investments in
        edtech which have increased significantly due to the acquisitions of subsidiaries and equity-accounted investments
        over the years. The equity-accounted investments presented in the "Other Ecommerce" segment in prior periods have
        been reclassified and presented as part of the new Edtech segment. The group proportionately consolidates its share
        of the results of its associates and joint ventures in its disclosure of segment results in note 22.
       Going concern
        The consolidated and company annual financial statements are prepared on the going concern basis. Based on
        forecasts and available cash resources, the group and company have adequate resources to continue operations as a
        going concern in the foreseeable future. As at 31 March 2022, the group recorded US$13.64bn in net cash, comprising
        US$9.72bn of cash and cash equivalents and US$3.92bn in short-term cash investments. The group had US$15.71bn of
        interest-bearing debt (excluding capitalised lease liabilities) and an undrawn US$2.77bn revolving credit facility. Refer
        to note 24 "Share capital and premium ­ capital management" for details of how the group manages its capital to
        safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern.
       In assessing going concern, the impact of internal and external economic factors on the group's operations and
       liquidity was considered in preparing the forecasts and in assessing the group's actual performance against budget.
       The board is of the opinion that the group has performed well during the current year and has sufficient financial
       flexibility to continue as a going concern in the year subsequent to the date of these financial statements.

44 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Accounting framework and critical judgements (continued)

2. BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)
       Foreign currencies

        The consolidated annual financial statements are presented in US dollar (US$) which is the group's presentation
        currency. The company's functional currency is the South African rand (R). However, the group measures the
        transactions of its operations using the functional currency determined for that specific operating entity which is the
        currency of the primary economic environment in which the operation conducts its business.
       Accounting policy
       Foreign currency transactions
       Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
       dates of the transactions or the dates of the valuations where items are remeasured. Foreign exchange gains and
       losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year end exchange rates of
       monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the income statement, except
       when deferred in other comprehensive income as part of qualifying cash flow hedges.
        Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets and liabilities are reported as part of the fair-value gain or
        loss recognised in the income statement. Translation differences on non-monetary equity investments classified at fair
        value through other comprehensive income are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
        valuation reserve as part of the fair-value remeasurement of such items.
        The results and financial position of all foreign operations (none of which operates in a hyperinflationary economy)
        that have a functional currency that is different from the group's presentation currency are translated into the
        presentation currency as follows:
        Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at the reporting date
        Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable

             approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
             expenses are translated at the spot rate on the dates of the transactions)
        Components of equity are translated at the historic rate. Exchange differences on translation of equity are
             recognised directly in retained earnings
         All other resulting exchange differences except equity are recognised in other comprehensive income and
             accumulated in the "Foreign currency translation reserve" in the statement of changes in equity.
        Foreign operations
       The group recognises foreign exchange differences relating to monetary items that form part of its net investment in
       its foreign operations in other comprehensive income where settlement of the item is neither planned nor likely to
       take place in the foreseeable future.
       When a foreign operation is disposed of, the accumulated foreign exchange differences are reclassified to the income
       statement, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

45 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Accounting framework and critical judgements (continued)

3. ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
        The preparation of the consolidated and separate annual financial statements necessitates the use of estimates,
        assumptions and judgements by management. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of
        assets, liabilities and contingent assets and liabilities at the statement of financial position date as well as the reported
        income and expenses for the year. Although estimates are based on management's best knowledge and judgement of
        current facts as at the statement of financial position date, the actual outcome may differ from these estimates.

        Estimates are made regarding the fair value of intangible assets recognised in business combinations; impairment of
        goodwill (refer to note 7); impairment of financial assets carried at amortised cost and other assets (refer to note 30);
        recognition and impairment of other intangible assets (refer to note 34); impairment of property, plant and equipment
        (refer to note 33), the valuation and remeasurement of written put option liabilities (refer to note 32) and equity-
        compensation benefits (refer to note 37). Where relevant, the group has provided sensitivity analyses demonstrating
        the impact of changes in key estimates and assumptions on reported results.

        The following accounting judgements had the most significant impact on the consolidated annual financial statements:

        Lag periods applied when reporting results of equity-accounted investments

       Where the reporting periods of associates and joint ventures (equity-accounted investments) are not coterminous
       with that of the group and/or it is impracticable for the relevant equity-accounted investee to prepare financial
       statements as of 31 March (for instance due to the availability of the results of the equity-accounted investee relative
       to the group's reporting period), the group applies an appropriate lag period of not more than three months in
       reporting the results of the equity-accounted investees. Significant transactions and events that occur between the
       non-coterminous reporting periods are adjusted for. The group exercises significant judgement when determining the
       transactions and events for which adjustments are made.

        Accounting for equity-accounted investments share of other comprehensive income and changes in net asset value

        The group recognises its share of other comprehensive income and other changes in net assets of associates and joint
        ventures in the statement of comprehensive income. Other changes in net assets of the associate and joint ventures
        include changes in their share-based compensation reserve, transactions with non-controlling shareholders and other
        direct equity movements. Equity-accounted investments share of other comprehensive income and changes in net
        asset value are accumulated in the valuation reserve.

        Accounting for written put option liabilities

        The group accounts for all written put options as liabilities equal to the present value of the expected redemption
        amount payable in the statement of financial position. The present value is based on a discounted cash flow model,
        market multiples or a recent transaction during the current year in which the equity value was determined. This
        applies regardless of whether the group has the discretion to settle in its own equity instruments or cash. Written put
        option liabilities that are linked to a committed employment period are accounted for as cash-settled share-based
        compensation benefits. The expected redemption amounts payable for these written put options are dependent on
        the completion of an employment service period. Management's judgements and estimates relate to the inputs used
        in determining the present value of the expected redemption amount payable.

       Accounting for share-based payment transactions

        The group recognises cash- and equity-settled share-based payment expenses arising from its various share incentive
        schemes and exercises significant judgement when calculating these expenses. Expenses are generally based on the
        fair values of awards granted to employees. Where the group has a choice of settlement, it classifies the share-based
        payment transaction as cash-settled based on management estimate of the most likely outcome, its settlement policy
        and whether it has a present obligation to settle in cash; otherwise, it accounts for the transaction as equity-settled.
        Fair value is measured using appropriate valuation and option pricing models, where applicable. The values assigned to
        the key assumptions used in the valuation models for the group's most significant share incentive schemes are
        disclosed in note 37.

46 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Accounting framework and critical judgements (continued)

4. Significant changes in financial position and performance during the reporting period
       Prosus share exchange with Naspers shareholders

        In August 2021, the group completed a share exchange offer to Naspers shareholders.
        This offered Naspers shareholders the opportunity to tender their existing Naspers N ordinary shares for newly issued
        Prosus N ordinary shares at an exchange ratio of one (1) Naspers N ordinary share for 2.27443 Prosus N ordinary
        shares. The share exchange offer resulted in Prosus acquiring a 45.8% fully diluted interest in Naspers in exchange for
        newly issued Prosus N ordinary shares. This interest, coupled with the 3.7% shareholding Prosus previously acquired in
        Naspers, as part of the share repurchase programme that was completed in June 2021, resulted in Prosus holding a
        49.5%(1) fully diluted interest which represents a 49.9%(2) economic interest in Naspers.
        Furthermore, newly created 1 128 507 756 B ordinary shares were issued for Eur56.4m (US$66.3m) to Naspers which
        entitles Naspers to one vote per share, but only to one millionth of the amount of the distribution that a holder of a
        Prosus N Ordinary Share is entitled to. Naspers cannot list or trade these shares. These shares allowed Naspers to
        maintain its control as it held more than 70% of the shareholder voting rights in Prosus. Naspers therefore continues
        to hold the majority of the shareholder voting rights of Prosus.
        Cross-holding arrangement
        A distribution agreement (hereafter referred to as the cross-holding agreement) was entered into between Naspers
        and Prosus, which became effective at the time of closing of the share exchange. The cross-holding agreement takes
        into account Prosus's indirect interest in itself from holding Naspers shares and deals with how distributions between
        the two groups will be managed. It eliminates the need for flows back and forth between the two groups as a result of
        the cross-shareholding, through a waiver by Prosus of its entitlement to distributions, that originates from Prosus, on
        the Naspers shares that it holds, and provides clarity to both Prosus and Naspers free float shareholders of their
        economic interest in distributions made by Prosus.
        The cross-holding agreement relates to Prosus's 49.5% fully diluted interest in Naspers and Naspers's 57% legal
        ownership of Prosus N ordinary shares. The principles of the cross-holding agreement are also incorporated in the
        Prosus's articles of association, and the cross-holding agreement together with the Prosus's articles of association
        form the cross-holding arrangements. It does not govern and has no bearing on the voting rights attached to the
        shares held by Naspers or Prosus shareholders.
        The conclusion of the share exchange and the cross-holding arrangement increases the Prosus free float's economic
        interest in the Prosus group to 58.9%. At 31 March 2022 subsequent to the Prosus share repurchase programme, the
        Prosus free float's economic interest in the group is 57.7%.
        The following represents the accounting of the transaction in the group's financial statements:

          (1) Interest in Naspers based on the cross-holding arrangement formula, which was approved in the shareholder resolution.
          (2) Interest based on distribution rights to each class of shareholders.

47 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Accounting framework and critical judgements (continued)

4. Significant changes in financial position and performance during the reporting period (continued)
       Prosus share exchange with Naspers shareholders (continued)

        Control structure of the Prosus group
        Prosus is governed by a board of directors. The board of directors are appointed by the shareholders of the group. The
        group is therefore controlled by the shareholder with the majority voting rights to appoint the board of directors.
        Prior to the share exchange transaction, Naspers held a 73% effective interest in Prosus N ordinary shares, with the
        corresponding shareholder voting rights, and was the majority shareholder giving it control of Prosus and in particular
        appointment to the board of directors of Prosus. Post the completion of the share exchange transaction, and despite
        the dilution of its effective interest in Prosus N ordinary shares, Naspers continued to maintain control of Prosus
        through its holding of Prosus N ordinary shares and the newly issued Prosus B ordinary shares, with corresponding
        voting rights. As Naspers through its shareholding holds the majority of the voting rights in Prosus it controls
        appointments to the Prosus board of directors.
        Before and subsequent to the closing of the share exchange transaction, Naspers Beleggings (RF) Limited (Nasbel) and
        Keeromstraat 30 Beleggings (RF) Limited (Keerom) collectively hold 55.02% of the shareholder voting rights in Naspers.
        Nasbel and Keerom exercise their voting rights in consultation with one another in terms of a voting pool agreement
        and constitute the control structure of Naspers. This control structure therefore provides them with the majority
        voting rights needed to control appointments to the board of directors of Naspers
        Accounting implications
        The conclusion of the share exchange and the cross-holding arrangement resulted in the recognition of treasury shares
        and an increase in the non-controlling interest of the group.
        The Naspers N ordinary shares held by Prosus are shares held by a group entity. These shares constitute treasury
        shares which were recognised in the treasury share reserve on the consolidated statement of financial position. The
        treasury shares were recognised at cost of US$38.64bn, which was the fair value of the Prosus shares issued as
        consideration for the share exchange on the date of the share exchange.
        The change in the non-controlling interest of the group is due to Prosus free float shareholder's increased fully diluted
        interest in the Prosus group as well as their share in the residual interest in the Naspers group (primarily TakeAlot,
        Media 24 and corporate entities). The indirect interest in the Naspers operations is as a result of Prosus holding a
        49.5% fully diluted investment in Naspers. The increase in the non-controlling interest of the group was accounted for
        as an equity transaction because there is a change in Naspers's effective interest in the Prosus group and its
        subsidiaries outside of the Prosus group, without a loss of control.
        The excess of the treasury shares recognised for the Naspers N ordinary shares held by Prosus and the increase in non-
        controlling interest of US$21.8bn for the Prosus group was recognised in the "existing business combination reserve"
        in equity.

       Reclassification of treasury shares
        Effective 1 April 2020, the group made a decision to show the treasury shares separately in the statement of changes
        in equity as well as on the face of the balance sheet. The group considers that the change in presentation provides
        more relevant information about the treasury shares held by Prosus subsequent to the share repurchase program.
        The group has historically recognised treasury shares for the Naspers N ordinary shares it holds against share capital
        and share premium. These treasury shares are held by Naspers group share trusts to settle equity compensation plans
        and other group companies including the shares held by Prosus as at 31 March 2021 from the share-repurchase
        programme. These treasury shares have been recognised at cost, which is the cost of the shares acquired on the
        market by group share trusts or the cost of the shares on the date acquired on the market by group companies.

48 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Accounting framework and critical judgements (continued)

4. Significant changes in financial position and performance during the reporting period (continued)
       Reclassification of treasury shares (continued)

        In August 2021, the group completed a share exchange offer resulting in Prosus holding a 49.5% fully diluted interest
        in Naspers. The transaction was primarily for a capital restructure of the group. The group accounted for the Naspers
        shares held by Prosus as treasury shares. The treasury shares were measured at cost on the date of the share
        exchange. The cost was the fair value of the Prosus shares given in exchange for the Naspers shares at that date.

        Based on the magnitude of the treasury shares held by the group as a consequence of the above transaction, the
        treasury shares previously recognised against share capital and share premium were reclassified to treasury shares
        within equity. The reclassification has no change to the group's overall equity however, comparative figures on the
        consolidated statement of financial position have been restated for the reclassification of treasury shares between
        "Share capital and premium" and "Treasury shares".

       Below is a summary of the impact of the reclassification of the treasury shares between "Share capital and premium"
       and "Treasury shares" on the consolidated statement of financial position and condensed consolidated statement of
       changes in equity.

        Consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of changes in equity

                                             Year ended                       As at

                                   31 March 2021                              1 April 2020

                                   Previously Reclass-              Previously Reclass-

                                   reported ification(1)  Restated  reported ification(1)   Restated
                                                            US$'m                             US$'m
                                   US$'m     US$'m                  US$'m     US$'m

Share capital and share premium       932     3 679        4 611     3 362     1 249         4 611
Treasury shares                           -  (3 679)      (3 679)          -  (1 249)       (1 249)
Other reserves                                            (3 753)                           (8 846)
Retained earnings                  (3 753)          -     32 015    (8 846)          -      27 234
                                   32 015           -               27 234           -

Capital and reserves attributable  29 194            - 29 194 21 750                 - 21 750
to the group's equity holders

(1) Represents the impact of the reclassification of the treasury shares between "Share capital and premium" and "Treasury shares"
on the consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of changes in equity.

The impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine

The group is appalled by the war in Ukraine. It is in the world's interest to find a solution that brings the conflict to an
end and secures long-term peace and stability.

The group operates a classifieds platform in Ukraine which is part of the OLX group. The group has committed a broad
range of support for Ukraine, for its Ukrainian employees, and additionally, a commitment of more than US$10m
funding for humanitarian efforts.

The group also has interests in Russia, mainly represented by its investments in VKontakte (VK) and Avito.

On 20 May 2022, following the earlier operational separation of Avito from the OLX Group, the group confirmed its
decision to exit Avito and start the search for an appropriate buyer for its shares in Avito.

49 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Accounting framework and critical judgements (continued)

4. Significant changes in financial position and performance during the reporting period (continued)
      The impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine (continued)

        Avito
       The group first invested in Avito in March 2013 and, currently, Avito is the leading Russian classifieds platform and one
       of the top eight most visited websites in Russia. Avito is the second largest online classifieds business in the world, with
       35 million unique visitors a month and more than 100 million active listings.
       The group's operations in Russia represents 8% (2021: 7%) of the group's total external consolidated revenue for the
       financial year ended 31 March 2022.
       Due to the Ukraine war, the group assessed whether the goodwill recognised from Avito is impaired. The recoverable
       amount was based on the value in use calculation that included the estimated impact of the war on the operations and
       the discount rate. The impact of the war in Ukraine did not result in an impairment of goodwill for the business.
       Based on the group's 99% effective ownership interest in Avito, its financial results are consolidated for the financial
       year ended 31 March 2022. Following the group's decision in May 2022 to exit Avito, the search for an appropriate
       buyer for its shares in Avito is underway.
        VK
        VK is a Russian online social media and social networking service. Up until 3 March 2022, the group accounted for this
        investment as an associate using the equity method. The group's effective interest in VK is 27.2% (fully diluted 25.7%)
        with a shareholder voting interest of 12.3%.

       VK's shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE). The LSE suspended trading of VK shares on 3 March 2022 in
       response to sanctions in order to maintain orderly markets. The significant decline in the share price presented an
       indicator for impairment on the carrying value of this investment. Accordingly, the group fully impaired the carrying
       value of the investment in VK, of US$473.6m for the year ended 31 March 2022.
       On 4 March 2022, the group's three directors on the VK Board resigned with immediate effect and no voting rights will
       be exercised under the current circumstances. The group ceased accounting for this investment as an associate and
       has reclassified the foreign currency translation reserves related to VK from other comprehensive income to the
       income statement, amounting to a loss of US$1.14bn.
       Subsequent to the loss of significant influence, the group now accounts for this investment at fair value through other
       comprehensive income.
        OLX Ukraine
        The financial results of OLX Ukraine are not material for the group.

50 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Accounting framework and critical judgements (continued)

4. Significant changes in financial position and performance during the reporting period (continued)
      The impact of Covid-19 (continued)

        The global Covid-19 pandemic began to affect the operations of the group towards the end of March 2020. Just over
        two years later, including the roll out of vaccines across the world, the pandemic has had limited impact on the group's
        financial position, financial performance and cash flows presented in these consolidated financial statements for the
        year ended 31 March 2022.

       Use of significant judgements and estimates
        The group has continuously monitored the significant judgements and estimates used to support the reported assets,
        liabilities, income and expenses for the year ended 31 March 2022 for any possible impacts of the pandemic.

       Risk management
        The annual report for the year ended 31 March 2022 describes certain risks which could have an adverse effect on the
        group's financial position and results. Those risks should be read in conjunction with these consolidated financial
        statements. The group has remained resilient and performed well during the year ended 31 March 2022.

5. ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS

        The group has adopted all new and amended accounting pronouncements that are relevant to its operations and that
        are effective for financial years commencing 1 April 2021 but these did not have a significant effect on the
        consolidated and company financial statements.

        The following new standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards, that are considered relevant to
        the group, are not yet effective as at 31 March 2022. The group is currently evaluating the effects of these standards
        and interpretations, which have not been early adopted. The estimated impact is not considered to be material at this
        stage for the following standards and interpretations:

Standard/Interpretation  Title/ Amendment area                               Effective for year ending
IAS 1                                                                        March 2024
IFRS 3                   Presentation of Financial Statements (current       March 2023
IFRS 16                  and non-current liabilities)                        March 2023
IAS 37                                                                       March 2023
IAS 16                   Business Combinations (assets and liabilities in    March 2023
IAS 12                   a business combination)                             March 2024
IAS 1/IAS 8                                                                  March 2024
                         Leases (treatment of lease incentives)
IFRS 16                                                                      March 2023
IFRS 10/IAS 28           Onerous contracts (cost of Fulfilling a contract)   To be determined by the IASB

                         Property, Plant and Equipment (Proceeds before
                         Intended Use)

                         Income Taxes (Deferred Tax related to Assets
                         and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction)

                         Presentation of Financial Statements' and
                         Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors'
                         (accounting policy disclosures and changes in
                         accounting policies or in accounting estimates)

                         Leases (treatment of lease incentives)

                         Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
                         Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture

Other new standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards not yet effective

None of the other new standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards that are not yet effective as
at 31 March 2022 are expected to have a significant impact on the group.

51 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure

      BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
       Accounting policies

        The consolidated annual financial statements include the results of Naspers Limited and its subsidiaries, associated
        companies and joint ventures.

        Subsidiaries
        Subsidiaries are entities over which the group has control. The existence and effect of potential voting rights are
        considered when assessing whether the group controls another entity to the extent that those rights are substantive.
        Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is obtained (acquisition date) up to the date control
        ceases. For certain entities, the group has entered into contractual arrangements which allow the group to control
        such entities. Because the group controls such entities, they are consolidated in the consolidated annual financial
        statements.

        Intergroup transactions, balances and unrealised gains and losses are eliminated on consolidation.

        Business combinations
        Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in an acquisition
        of a business (acquiree) comprises the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities assumed, the equity interests
        issued by the group and the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements where applicable. If the contingent
        consideration is classified as equity, it is not subsequently remeasured, and settlement is accounted for within equity.
        Otherwise, subsequent changes to the fair value of contingent consideration are recognised in the income statement.

        For each business combination, the group measures the non-controlling interest in the acquiree at the non-controlling
        interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Costs related to the acquisition, other than
        those associated with the issue of debt or equity securities, are expensed as incurred.

        Where a business combination is achieved in stages, the group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree is
        remeasured to fair value as at the acquisition date through the income statement. The fair value of the group's
        previously held equity interest forms part of the consideration transferred in the business combination at the
        acquisition date.

        When a selling shareholder is required to remain in the group's employment subsequent to a business combination,
        retention agreements are recognised as employee benefit arrangements and dealt with in terms of the accounting
        policy for employee or equity compensation benefits.

        Goodwill
        Goodwill in a business combination is recognised at the acquisition date when the consideration transferred, and the
        recognised amount of non-controlling interests exceeds the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the entity
        acquired. If the consideration transferred is lower than the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the acquiree (a
        bargain purchase), the difference is recognised in the income statement. The gain or loss arising on the disposal of an
        entity is calculated after consideration of attributable goodwill.

        Transactions with non-controlling shareholders
        Non-controlling shareholders are equity participants of the group and transactions with non-controlling shareholders
        are therefore accounted for in equity and included in the statement of changes in equity, where the transaction does
        not result in the loss of control of a subsidiary. In transactions with non-controlling shareholders, the excess of the
        cost/proceeds of the transaction over the group's proportionate share of the net asset value acquired/disposed is
        allocated to the "Existing control business combination reserve" in equity. Refer to the financial liabilities section for
        the group's accounting policy regarding written put options over non-controlling interests.

        Common control transactions
        Business combinations in which all of the combining entities or businesses are ultimately controlled by the same party
        or parties both before and after the business combination (and where that control is not transitory) are referred to as
        common control transactions. The accounting policy for the acquiring entity would be to account for the transaction at
        book value in its consolidated financial statements. The book value of the acquired entity is the consolidated book
        value as reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the selling entity. The excess of the cost of the
        transaction over the acquirer's proportionate share of the net asset value acquired in common control transactions,
        will be allocated to the existing control business combination reserve in equity.

52 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)

      BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (continued)
       Accounting policies (continued)

        Common control transactions (continued)
        The group applies the above common control accounting policy to distributions of non-cash assets that is ultimately
        controlled by the same party or parties both before and after the distribution.
        Associates and joint ventures
        Investments in associated companies (associates) and joint ventures are accounted for in terms of the equity method.
        Associates are entities over which the group exercises significant influence, but which it does not control or jointly
        control. Joint ventures are arrangements in which the group contractually shares control over an activity with others
        and in which the parties have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.
        Most major foreign associates and joint ventures do not have year-ends that are coterminous with that of the group,
        and the group's accounting policy is to account for an appropriate lag period in reporting their results where it is
        impractical for the associates and joint ventures to provide relevant information in time. Significant transactions and
        events occurring between the investees' and the group's March year-end are taken into account.
        Unrealised gains or losses on transactions between the group and its associates and joint ventures are eliminated to
        the extent of the group's interest in the relevant associate or joint venture, except where the loss is indicative of
        impairment of assets transferred.
        The group's share of other comprehensive income and other changes in net assets of associates and joint ventures is
        recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.
        For acquisitions of associates and joint ventures achieved in stages, the group measures the cost of its investment as
        the sum of the consideration paid for each purchase plus a share of the investee's profits and other equity
        movements. Other comprehensive income recognised in prior periods accumulated in the valuation reserve in relation
        to the previously held stake in investee is realised and transferred to retained earnings. Acquisition-related costs form
        part of the investment in the associate or joint venture.
        When the group increases its shareholding in an associate or joint venture and continues to exercise significant
        influence or to exert joint control over the investee, the cost of the additional investment is added to the carrying
        value of the investee. The acquired share in the investee's identifiable net assets, as well as goodwill arising, is
        calculated using fair-value information at the date of acquiring the additional interest. Goodwill is included in the
        carrying value of the investment in the associate or joint venture.
        Partial disposals of associates and joint ventures that do not result in a loss of significant influence or joint control are
        accounted for as dilutions. Dilution gains and losses are recognised in the income statement. The group's
        proportionate share of gains or losses previously recognised in other comprehensive income by associates and joint
        ventures are reclassified to the income statement when a dilution occurs if the gains or losses are required to be
        reclassified to the income statement in terms of the applicable accounting standard.
        Where an associate or joint venture holds equity in the group, the carrying amount of the investment in the associate
        or joint venture is adjusted by an amount representing the group's indirect holding in its own equity because of the
        cross holding. The amount of the group's share of the associate's or joint venture's results is determined after
        eliminating, from the associate's or joint venture's results, any income or dividends received by the associate or joint
        venture from the group.

53 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)
      BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (continued)
       Accounting policies (continued)

        Associates and joint ventures (continued)
        Each associate and joint venture is assessed for impairment indicators at each reporting date as a single asset.
        Impairment indicators considered will include poor performance of the associate and joint venture on a consistent
        basis and/or and other significant changes to the business that may indicate that the equity-accounted investment is
        impaired. If there is an indicator that it is impaired, the carrying value of the group's investment in the associate or
        joint venture is adjusted to its recoverable amount determined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and
        its value in use. The resulting impairment loss is included in "Impairment of equity-accounted investments" in the
        income statement.
        Where the group contributes a non-monetary asset (including a business) to an investee in exchange for an interest in
        that investee that is equity-accounted, the gain or loss arising on the remeasurement of the contributed non-
        monetary asset to fair value is recognised in the income statement only to the extent of other parties' interests in the
        investee.
        The gain or loss is eliminated against the carrying value of the investment in the associate or joint venture to the
        extent of the group's interest.
        Disposals
        When the group ceases to have control (subsidiaries), exercise significant influence (associates) or exert joint control
        (joint ventures), the retained interest is remeasured to its fair value, with the change in the carrying value recognised
        in the income statement. This fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequent accounting for
        the retained interest. In addition, the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of the
        entity disposed are accounted for as if the group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may
        mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to the income statement.
        Impairment of Goodwill
        Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently if change in circumstance indicate that it may be
        impaired. Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
        Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for purposes of impairment testing. An impairment test is performed by
        determining the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the goodwill relates. The recoverable
        amount of a cash-generating unit or individual asset is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs of
        disposal.
        Where the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised in "Other
        (losses)/gains­ net" in the income statement. Impairment losses recognised on goodwill are not reversed in
        subsequent periods.

54 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Group structure (continued)

6. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS, OTHER ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
      The following sets out the group's significant transactions related to business combinations and equity-accounted
      investments for the year ended 31 March 2022:

                                                                        Amount invested US$'m

                                                                 Net

                                                                 Cash Non-cash Cash in                                                  Total
                                                                                                                                       consi-
                                                  Classifica-    Paid/ consi- entity                                                deration

Company                                                       tion (Received) deration acquired

    Acquisition of subsidiaries                   Subsidiary       252     -                                                   6    258
a Good Bidco B.V. (GoodHabitz)                    Subsidiary     1 644
b Stack Overflow                                                           -                                                   98   1 742

                                                                 1 896     -                                                   104  2 000

Acquisition of equity-accounted investments

c Oda                                             Associate      116       -                                                   -    116
d API Holdings Private Limited (PharmEasy)        Associate
e Skillsoft Corp.                                 Associate      220       -                                                   -    220
f Flink SE (Flink)                                Associate
                                                  Associate      500       38                                                  -    538
    Other(1)
                                                                 84        -                                                   -    84

                                                                 441       -                                                   -    441

                                                                 1 361     38                                                  -    1 399

Additional investment in existing equity-
accounted investments

g Bundl Technologies Private Limited (Swiggy)     Associate      299       -                                                   -    299
h NTex Transportation Services Private
                                                  Associate      90        -                                                   -    90
    Limited (ElasticRun)                          Associate
i Think & Learn Private Limited (BYJU's)          Associate      153       -                                                   -    153
j Delivery Hero SE (Delivery Hero)                Associate
k Eruditus Learning Solutions Limited (Eruditus)  Associate      298       1 242                                               -    1 540
l Meesho Inc. (Meesho)                            Associate/
                                                  Joint venture  127       -                                                   -    127
    Other(1)
                                                                 134       -                                                   -    134

                                                                 222       -                                                   -    222

                                                                 1 323     1 242                                               -    2 565

Other investments

m UrbanClap Technologies India                    FVOCI          84        -                                                   -    84
     Private Limited (Urban Company)              FVPL
                                                  FVOCI          936       -                                                   -    936
j Delivery Hero(2)                                FVOCI
n JD.Com                                                         -         3 855                                               -    3 855
o GoStudent
                                                                 226       -                                                   -    226
     Other(1)
                                                                 234       -                                                   -    234

                                                                 1 480     3 855                                               -    5 335

Partial disposal of equity-accounted investments

p Tencent Holdings Limited (Tencent)              Associate      (14 609)  -                                                   - (14 609)

                                                                 (14 609)  -                                                   - (14 609)

(1) Other includes various acquisitions of subsidiaries, associates and other investments that are not individually material.

(2) Relates to the Delivery Hero shares bought in August 2021 and September 2021 before Competition Commission approval was obtained.
Subsequent to the approval this amount was capitalised to the carrying value of the investment in associate.

55 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)

6. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS, OTHER ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS (continued)

        a. In June 2021, the group acquired a 62% effective interest (61% fully diluted) for US$258m in GoodHabitz.
             GoodHabitz provides educational information online, offering commercial, management, and technical training
             services in the Netherlands. The group accounted for this investment as a subsidiary.

             The group has a put option arrangement with the non-controlling interest exercisable at specified future dates.
             The settlement of the put option arrangement is in cash or shares at the group's discretion. At acquisition, the
             group recognised a put option liability amounting to US$144.1m representing the expected redemption amount
             payable to non-controlling shareholders upon settlement of their ownership interest in the entity, included in the
             "Other non-current liabilities" line on the statement of financial position.

             In addition, the group has a call option arrangement with the non-controlling shareholder that is linked to
             employment. It is exercisable at specified future dates upon termination of employment of the non-controlling
             shareholder due to specified circumstances. The group has the right to settle this call option in cash at the fair
             value of shareholder's interest. The non-controlling shareholder currently has all the economic benefits associated
             with ownership of the shares, as a result, the group's obligation to settle this interest is included in the put option
             liability mentioned above.

             The main intangible assets recognised in the business combination were customer relationships, trademarks and
             technology. The main factor contributing to the goodwill recognised in the acquisition is GoodHabitz's market
             presence, product development capabilities and engineering capabilities.

        b. In August 2021, the group acquired a 100% effective and dilutive interest for US$1.7bn in Stack Overflow. Stack
             Overflow is a leading knowledge sharing platform for the global community of developers and technologists. The
             group accounted for this investment as a subsidiary.

             The main intangible assets recognised in the business combination were trade names, technology and customer
             relationships. The main factor contributing to the goodwill recognised in the acquisition is Stack Overflow's
             market presence, engineering capabilities to develop future technology and ability to attract future customers.

             The purchase price allocations for the above two acquisitions, in the Edtech segment, were not yet finalised as at
             30 September 2021, therefore preliminary figures were disclosed in the condensed consolidated interim financial
             statements. The changes between the final and preliminary fair values were not material. The table below
             summarises the final fair values of each major class of identifiable assets and liabilities recognised for the above
             two acquisitions on the acquisition date.

             Since the acquisition dates of the above business combinations, revenue of US$83m and net losses of US$102m
             have been included in the group's income statement. The impact on revenue and net losses from the above
             transactions, had the acquisitions taken place on 1 April 2021, were US$115m and US$108m respectively.

Acquisition date fair values of each major class of identifiable assets and liabilities recognised

                                                                                                                                           Stack

                                                     GoodHabitz                                     Overflow

                                                     June 2022 August 2022

                                                     US$'m                                                                                 US$'m

Total consideration                                  258                                                                                   1 742

                                                     25                                                                                    283

Intangible assets                                    62                                                                                    247

Property plant and equipment                         1                                                                                     2

Cash and deposits                                    6                                                                                     98

Other receivables                                    8                                                                                     36

Other liabilities                                    ( 22)                                                                                 ( 35)

Deferred tax liabilities                             ( 14)                                                                                 ( 65)

Non-controlling interest(1)                          ( 16)                                                                                 -

Goodwill                                             233                                                                                   1 459

(1) Non-controlling interest is measured at its proportionate share of the identifiable net assets of GoodHabitz at the acquisition date.

56 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)

6. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS, OTHER ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS (continued)

        Acquisition of equity-accounted investments
        c. In April 2021, the group acquired a 13% effective (12% fully diluted) interest for US$116m in Oda, Norway's largest

            online grocery business. The group accounted for this investment as an equity accounted associate on account of
            its significant influence on the board of directors.

        d. In May 2021, the group acquired a 16% effective interest (15% fully diluted) for US$191m in PharmEasy. PharmEasy
            owns India's largest integrated digital healthcare platforms. The group accounted for this investment as an equity-
            accounted associate on account of its significant influence on the board of directors.

            Subsequent to this initial investment the group made an additional investment amounting to US$29m. As we did
            not participate equally in the funding round our effective interest is 14% (12% fully diluted) in PharmEasy. The
            group continues to account for its interest in Pharmeasy as an investment in an associate on account of its
            significant influence on the board of directors.

        e. In June 2021, the group acquired a 38% effective interest (34% fully diluted) for US$500m in Skillsoft Corp.
            (Churchill). Churchill is special-purpose acquisition company which provides cloud-based learning, training and
            talent management solutions through its acquisition of Skillsoft Corp. (NYSE: SKIL) ("Skillsoft") and Global
            Knowledge Training LLC ("Global Knowledge"). Skillsoft, a global leader in corporate digital learning, commenced
            trading on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "SKIL." This follows the completion of
            Software Luxembourg Holding S.A.'s merger with Churchill Capital Corp II and combination with Global Knowledge
            in June 2021, with the combined company now operating as Skillsoft. The group accounted for this investment as
            an equity-accounted associate. The cost of the investment in associate includes the fair value of a derivative
            financial asset amounting to US$38m at date of closing that arose because the purchase price for this investment
            was fixed in October 2020 on the signing date of this transaction.

            In addition to the associate investment in Skillsoft the group received 16,666,667 issued public warrants amounting
            to US$41m in exchange for corporate support services to be provided to the company. The public warrants give the
            group the right to purchase Skillsoft common stock at an exercise price of US$11.50 per share or are subject to a
            compulsory cash redemption on specified future dates and is contingent on the Skillsoft share price. The group
            accounts for these warrants as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and recognised deferred income
            for the support services to be provided over a specified period.

        f. In July 2021, the group acquired a 12% effective interest (12% fully diluted) for US$84m in Flink. Flink is a German-
            based instant grocery delivery company. The group will account for this investment as an equity-accounted
            associate on account of its significant influence on the board of directors. The agreement includes an arrangement
            with the Founder shareholders in which their shareholding may be repurchased by Flink upon termination of
            employment at specified values. This share-based payment arrangement will be settled in cash. The Founders legal
            shareholding at acquisition is therefore accounted for as a compound financial instrument and not as a shareholder
            ownership interest. This increased the group's economic interest for equity-accounting the associate to 20% as a
            result of this arrangement.

        Additional investment in existing equity-accounted investments

        g. In April 2021 and February 2022, the group made an additional investment in Swiggy, the operator of a first-party
            food-delivery marketplace in India, amounting to US$274m and US$25m respectively. At 31 March 2021, the group
            held a 41% effective interest. As we did not participate equally in the funding round our effective interest is 33%
            (31% fully diluted) in Swiggy. The group continues to account for its interest in Swiggy as an investment in an
            associate.

        h. In April 2021 and February 2022, the group made an additional investment in ElasticRun, a software and
            technology platform for providing transportation and logistics services in India, amounting to US$30m and US$60m
            respectively. At 31 March 2021, the group held a 20% effective interest. Following these investments, the group
            holds a 23% effective interest (22% fully diluted) in ElasticRun. The group continues to account for its interest in
            ElasticRun as an investment in an associate.

        i. In April 2021, the group made an additional investment amounting to US$153m, in BYJU's, India's largest education
            company and the creator of India's largest personalised learning app. At 31 March 2021, the group held an 11%
            effective interest. Following this investment, the group retained its 11% effective interest (10% fully diluted) in
            BYJU. The group continues to account for its interest in BYJU as an investment in an associate on account of its
            significant influence on the board of directors.

57 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)

6. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS, OTHER ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS (continued)

        Additional investment in existing equity-accounted investments (continued)
        j. In May 2021, the group completed bilateral trades that resulted in an additional investment in Delivery Hero. The

            group acquired an additional investment in Delivery Hero in March 2021, which increased its shareholding by 8% to
            approximately 24.99%. The additional investment was acquired via the market and bilateral trades. At 31 March
            2021, while legal ownership had transferred for this 8% additional interest, the access to the returns associated
            with the ownership had not fully transferred for 4% of this interest. Accordingly, the effective interest in Delivery
            Hero recognised at 31 March 2021 was 21% with the remaining 4% amounting to US$1.2bn recognised as a
            contractual right to receive the shares or cash. In May 2021, the bilateral trades for the remaining 4% were
            completed, resulting in an increase in the effective shareholding of Delivery Hero to 24.99% as the access to the
            returns associated with the ownership for these shares have been transferred. The group paid an additional
            US$188.0m for the increase in share price for this interest between March and May 2021. In addition, the financial
            asset amounting to US$1.2bn recognised at 31 March 2021 for the right to receive this interest or cash was
            derecognised against the carrying value of the investment.

            Further, in August 2021 the group announced its intention to acquire an additional 2.5% stake in Delivery Hero,
            subject to Austrian Competition regulatory approval, through its subsidiary, MIH Food Holdings B.V. The
            competition approval was granted in September and accordingly the group acquired an additional investment in
            Delivery Hero. The group increased its shareholding in Delivery Hero by 2.5% to 27% from 25%.

            The additional investment was acquired initially as a call option to acquire the shares subject to competition
            approval. The call option was acquired at the fair value of the shares amounting to US$936m and recognised as a
            financial instrument measured at fair value through profit or loss. In addition, the group applied cash flow hedge
            accounting to the highly probable forecast acquisition of this additional investment, hedging the exposure to future
            share price increases in Delivery Hero shares between the date the call option was acquired, and the date approval
            was granted to acquire the additional shares. The additional investment in Delivery Hero was based on the fair
            value of the call option on the date that the approval was granted (US$817m) and the accumulated losses in the
            cash flow hedge reserve (US$119m). The accumulated losses within the cash flow hedge reserve were included in
            the cost of the investment, as based on the group's judgement the investment in associate is a non-financial asset.
            The resulting additional investment in Delivery Hero recognised after the basis adjustment was US$936m.

        k. In August 2021, the group made an additional investment amounting to US$127m in Eruditus, an online platform
            using technology and curriculum innovation to offer professional education courses in collaboration with top-
            ranked universities globally. At 31 March 2021, the group held a 9% effective interest. Following these investments,
            the group holds a 13% effective interest (11% fully diluted) in Eruditus. The group continues to account for its
            interest in Eruditus as an investment in an associate on account of its significant influence on the board of
            directors.

        l. In September 2021, the group made an additional investment amounting to US$134m in Meesho, a leading social
            commerce online marketplace in India that enables independent resellers to build small businesses by connecting
            them with suppliers to curate a catalogue of goods and services to sell. Meesho also provides logistics and payment
            tools on its platform. At 31 March 2021, the group held a 12% effective interest. Following these investments, the
            group holds a 13% effective interest (12% fully diluted) in Meesho. The group continues to account for its interest
            in Meesho as an investment in an associate on account of its significant influence on the board of directors.

        Other investments
        m. In April 2021 the group acquired a 4% effective interest (4% fully diluted) for US$84m in Urban Company. Urban

            Company is one of the largest home services platforms in Asia, with representation in India, UAE, Singapore and
            Australia. The investment is not held for trading, therefore the group accounts for this as an investment at fair
            value through other comprehensive income.

58 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)
6. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS, OTHER ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS (continued)

        Other investments (continued)
        n. In December 2021 Tencent declared a special interim dividend in the form of a distribution in specie of 457,326,671

            Class A ordinary shares of JD.com to its shareholders on the basis of 1 Class A ordinary share of JD.com for every 21
            Shares held. As a result of this distribution the group obtained a 4% effective (131,873,028 Class A ordinary shares)
            interest in JD.com. JD.com is a platform creator that brings value to partners and customers in sectors such as
            ecommerce, logistics, Internet finance, cloud computing and smart technology. The investment is not held for
            trading, therefore the group accounts for this as an investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.
            The group recognised a dividend receivable up until the distribution date of 25 March 2022. The dividend in specie
            distribution of the investment in JD.com has reduced the investment in Tencent by US$3.85bn representing the fair
            value of the investment on the distribution date.
        o. In March 2022 the group acquired a 8% effective (and 7% fully diluted) interest for US$226m in GoStudent.
            GoStudent is a provider of online tutoring services in a 1:1, video-based format to K-12 students via a managed
            marketplace model in Austria. The investment is not held for trading, therefore the group accounts for this as an
            investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.
        Partial disposal of equity-accounted investments
        p. In April 2021 the group sold 2% of Tencent total issued share capital. The sale reduced its stake in Tencent from
            approximately 31% to 29%, yielding US$14.6bn in proceeds and a gain on partial disposal of US$12.34bn. The
            group reclassified a gain of US$41m from the foreign currency translation reserve to the consolidated income
            statement related to this partial disposal. Proceeds from this disposal are included in short-term investments on
            the consolidated statement of financial position.
        Transactions with Non-controlling interest
        The group acquired the share capital held by non-controlling shareholders of its subsidiary Frontier Car Group Inc.
        (FCG), for US$59.3m. At 31 March 2021, the group held a 91% effective interest. Following the acquisition, the group
        holds a 99% effective interest (98% fully diluted interest) in FCG. This resulted in the cancellation of the US$66.4m
        written put option liability and the US$16.6m employment linked cash-settled share-based payment liability related to
        the non-controlling shareholders which was derecognised. The cancellation of the written put option liability was
        recognised in equity in the "existing business combination reserve" and the cancellation of the cash settled share-
        based payment liability was recognised in the consolidated income statement. The group recognised US$59.9m in the
        "existing business combination reserve" in equity representing the gain from the change in ownership interest in the
        entity.

59 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)

6. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS, OTHER ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS (continued)
       Financial year ended 31 March 2021

       The following relates to the group's significant transactions related to business combinations and equity-accounted
       investments for the year ended 31 March 2021:

       In April 2020, OLX Global B.V. (OLX) contributed its subsidiary, Dubizzle Limited (BVI) (Dubizzle), the leading classifieds
       platform for users in the UAE, for an interest in Emerging Markets Property Group (EMPG). EMPG owns and operates
       bespoke classifieds portals in different emerging markets across the world, including Bayut in Dubai, Zameen in
       Pakistan, and Mubawab in Morocco, North Africa. The total consideration was US$390.5m, including cash of
       US$75.0m. On disposal of Dubizzle, the group recognised a gain of US$113.5m in "Net gains on acquisitions and
       disposals" in the income statement, including the recycling of the foreign exchange translation reserve. This gain on
       disposal recognised from contribution of Dubizzle is to the extent of the external parties' interest in EMPG.

       Following the transaction, the group holds a 39% effective and fully diluted interest in EMPG. The group accounts for
       its interest in EMPG as an investment in associate.

       In July 2020, OLX merged its US letgo business with OfferUp, two of America's most popular apps to buy and sell in the
       US. OLX contributed its US letgo business. The total consideration was US$360.0m, including cash of US$100.0m. On
       disposal of the US letgo business, the group recognised a gain of US$114.8m in "Net gains on acquisitions and
       disposals". This gain on disposal recognised from the contribution of the US letgo business is to the extent of the
       external parties' interest in OfferUp.

       Following the transaction, the group holds a 38% effective (35% fully diluted) interest in OfferUp. The group accounts
       for its interest in OfferUp as an investment in associate.

       In August and October 2020, the group made an additional investment in Remitly Global, Inc. (Remitly) amounting to
       US$52.5m and US$14.3m respectively. Remitly is an international remittances company focused on the consumer
       segment, primarily in the US, the UK and Canada. Following this investment, the group holds a 24% effective (20% fully
       diluted) interest in Remitly. The group continues to account for its interest in Remitly as an investment in an associate.

       In September 2020, Eruditus Learning Solutions Private Limited (Eruditus), a learning platform that partners with top-
       tier universities across the US, Europe, LatAm, India and China, announced the successful completion of its Series D
       funding round totalling US$113.0m (including secondary sales). The group, through Naspers Ventures B.V. (Prosus
       Ventures) participated in the funding round with a US$59.9m cash contribution. Following the transaction, the group
       holds a 9% effective (8% fully diluted) interest in Eruditus. The group accounts for its interest in Eruditus as an
       investment in associate as a result of the group's board representation.

       In September 2020, the group made an additional investment amounting to US$25.0m, in VK (previously Mail.ru), a
       leading Russian social networks and instant messaging service. Following this investment, the group holds a 27%
       effective interest in Mail.ru. The group continues to account for its interest in Mail.ru as an investment in an associate.

        In October 2020, the group made an additional investment in its joint venture Silver Brazil JVCo B.V. (OLX Brazil)
        amounting to US$89.0m. Furthermore, the group provided loan financing to OLX Brazil amounting to US$171.0m. The
        capital and loan provided was to finance the joint ventures investment acquisitions. The funding was provided jointly
        by the group and its partner in the joint venture Adevinta ASA (Adevinta). Accordingly, the group's effective
        shareholding in this investment subsequent to the additional investment remained unchanged. The additional
        contribution to OLX Brazil is included in the carrying value of the investment.

       In March 2020, MIH Movile Holding B.V. (Movile) signed an agreement to sell its subsidiary Wavy Global Holdings B.V.
       (Wavy) to Stockholm listed customer engagement platform, Sinch AB, in exchange for cash and the issue of 1 534 582
       new shares in Sinch AB (which represents at the reporting date a 2% equity investment). The transaction obtained
       regulatory approval and was closed in February 2021. The total proceeds on disposal on Wavy was US$310.2m,
       including cash of US$63.4m. On disposal of Wavy, the group recognised a total gain of US$275.8m, comprising of
       US$101.3m recognised in "Net gains on acquisitions and disposals" and a gain of US$174.5m recognised in "Other
       finance income - net" as a result of the exposure to the fair value gains of 1 534 582 Sinch AB listed shares from the
       signing date of the agreement until the closing date. The gain on disposal recognised in "Net gains on acquisitions and
       disposals" includes the recycling of the foreign exchange translation reserve. The group recognised its interest in Sinch
       AB as an investment at fair value through other comprehensive income.

60 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)
6. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS, OTHER ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS (continued)

       Financial year ended 31 March 2021
       The following transactions were entered into in March 2021:
       IF-JE participaçoes S.A. (iFood) contributed its 100% subsidiary Come Ya S.A.S. (Come Ya) for a 51% effective interest in
       Inversiones CMR S.A.S. (Domicilios.com) for a total consideration of US$44.0m, including cash of US$7.0m.
       Domicilios.com is an online food delivery platform in Colombia. On disposal of Come Ya, the group recognised a gain of
       US$18.6m in "Net gains on acquisitions and disposals". This gain on disposal recognised from the contribution of the
       Come Ya is to the extent of the external parties' interest in Domicilios.com.
       Following the transaction, the group holds a 51% effective (51% fully diluted) interest in Domicilios.com. The group
       accounts for its interest in Domicilios.com as a joint venture as contractually, the decisions over its operations require
       unanimous consent of both shareholders.
       Prosus acquired approximately 20.37 million shares in Delivery Hero for US$2.6bn by 31 March 2021 to offset current
       and potential future dilutions in the investment. The acquisition increased the group's shareholding by 8% to
       approximately 24.99% which continues to position the group as the largest shareholder of Delivery Hero. At 31 March
       2021, while legal ownership had transferred for the 8% additional interest, the access to the returns associated with
       the ownership had not fully transferred for 4% of this interest. Accordingly the effective interest in Delivery Hero
       recognised at 31 March 2021 was 21% with the remaining 4% amounting to US$1.2bn recognised as a contractual right
       to receive the shares or cash which is included in "Other investments" on the statement of financial position. At 31
       March 2021 the 4% was recognised as a financial instrument at fair value through profit or loss. The fair value
       recognised represents the consideration paid for this interest which was subsequently included in the effective
       interest of the investment when access to the returns associated with the ownership had transferred. Refer to note 45.

61 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Group structure (continued)

7. GOODWILL

                                                     31 March

                                                      2022      2021
                                                     US$'m     US$'m

Cost                                                 2 350     2 324
Opening balance                                      ( 165)       61
Foreign currency translation effects                 1 692        43
Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses
Disposals of subsidiaries and businesses              ( 59)     ( 78)
                                                     3 818     2 350
Closing balance
                                                       164        87
Accumulated impairment                                    2       12
Opening balance                                                   71
Foreign currency translation effects                   246        ( 6)
Impairment                                            ( 52)      164
Disposals of subsidiaries and businesses               360

Closing balance

Carrying value                                       3 458     2 186

The group recognised impairment losses on goodwill of US$246.0m (2021:US$70.5m) in the current year which related
to Stack Overflow in the Edtech segment. Stack Overflow is a recent acquisition and has performed well to date and
delivered on its growth plan, however, the current market conditions and the increase in risk free rates resulted in an
increase in the discount rate used in the value in use calculations, reducing the recoverable amount to below the
carrying amount. The prior year impairment primarily related to Silver Indonesia JVCo B.V. and Aasaanjobs Private
Limited in the classifieds segment and an impairment in the media segment.

Impairment testing of goodwill
The group has allocated goodwill to various cash-generating units (CGUs). The recoverable amounts of these cash-
generating units have been determined based on the higher of the value in use calculations and the fair value less
costs of disposal. Fair value less costs of disposal of these CGUs takes into account the transaction value for the group's
recent acquisitions or upcoming disposals where applicable, or is determined using an option pricing methodology.
Value in use is based on discounted cash flow calculations. During the current and prior financial year, the recoverable
amounts for CGUs was determined predominantly using value in use calculations. The group based its cash flow
calculations on 10-year budgeted and forecast information approved by senior management and/or the various boards
of directors of group companies. Long-term average growth rates for the respective countries in which the entities
operate or, where more appropriate, the growth rate of the cash-generating units, were used to extrapolate cash
flows into the future.

The discount rates used reflect specific risks relating to the relevant cash-generating units and the countries in which
they operate, while maximising the use of market observable data. Discount rates take into account country risk
premiums and inflation differentials as appropriate.

Management used 10-year projected cash flow models, terminal growth rates ranging between 2% and 7% (2021: 2%
and 8%) and post-tax discount rates ranging between 10% and 25% (2021: 10% and 25%) in performing the
impairment tests. The group uses up to 10-year projected cash flow models as many businesses have monetisation
timelines longer than five years as further explained below.

Other assumptions included in cash flow projections vary widely between cash-generating units due to the group's
diverse range of business models, and are closely linked to entity-specific key performance indicators.

Goodwill is tested annually as at 31 December or more frequently if there is a change in circumstance that indicates
that it might be impaired. The group assessed its goodwill impairment calculations as well as the appropriateness of
the recoverable amounts taking into account the impact of significant market movements, the war in Ukraine and the
Covid-19 pandemic. The group's 10-year budgets and forecasts consisted of cash flow projections and included the
anticipated impact of the war and the pandemic.

62 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)

7. GOODWILL (continued)
       Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)

       These budgets and forecasts were used to calculate discounted cash flow valuations to identify whether goodwill
       allocated to various CGUs was impaired. The value in use amounts used were considered appropriate based on these
       budgets and forecasts. The increase the risk-free rates and the war in Ukraine at the beginning of the 2022 calendar
       year resulted in the need to update the goodwill impairment assessment performed at 31 December 2021. The impact
       of the war in Ukraine did not result in an impairment of goodwill for the businesses in Russia or Ukraine.

        Estimating the future performance of the group's CGUs is challenging during this current economic environment. As
        circumstances change and/or information becomes available, the risk of impairment may increase in future periods.

       The group's impairment testing of goodwill takes into account that, in most instances, longer forecast periods are
       required for many ecommerce businesses. These longer forecast periods are required as the group's ecommerce
       businesses generally only reach maturity once sufficient market share has been gained, the businesses have reached
       the appropriate scale and have become profitable. The forecast period is assessed annually to ensure it remains
       appropriate for the relevant businesses. Key assumptions in estimating these future cash flows over the forecast
       period include the CGUs ability to capture the required market share and the additional investment required in order
       for it to reach the appropriate scale. The group uses look-back analysis to assess past performance of its CGUs and
       uses it to validate past judgements and predict future performance. For certain CGUs risk adjustments are made to the
       discount rates used (generally being the weighted average cost of capital) when calculating the value in use.

       Where the group has committed to the sale of a CGU or has determined that an impairment loss should be recognised
       on a CGU based on its value in use, the group also calculates that CGU's fair value less costs of disposal to ensure that
       the recognition of an impairment loss is appropriate.

        Post-tax discount rates have been applied as value in use was determined using post-tax cash flows. Impairment
        testing is performed using the appropriate currency cash flows and accordingly, discount rates take into account
        country risk premiums and inflation differentials as appropriate.

       The calculation of value in use is most sensitive to the following assumptions:
       · projected revenue and EBITDA growth rates;
       · growth rates used to extrapolate cash flows beyond the budget and forecast period, including the terminal

              growth rate applied in the final projection year; and
       · discount rates.

        When determining cash flows over the forecast periods, EBITDA margin assumptions vary between the group's diverse
        range of businesses.
       The group's Classifieds and Edtech segments accounts for 43% and 41% of the overall balance of goodwill respectively.
       Accordingly, assumptions made in determining the cash flows of classifieds and edtech CGUs have a significant impact
       on the annual impairment assessment. Key assumptions underlying revenue forecasts for CGUs in the classifieds and
       edtech segment include the CGUs anticipated market share, the number of listings expected over the forecast period
       and the revenue and EBITDA contribution of each such listing. EBITDA margins based on the long term 10-year
       business plan ranges between 1% and 57%, depending on the stage of maturity of the relevant business. Terminal
       growth rates and discount rates used in performing impairment tests are detailed in the table below.

        For those CGUs where no goodwill impairment is recognised, if either the pre- or post-tax discount rate applied to cash
        flows were to increased relatively by 5% or the growth rate used to extrapolate cash flows were to decrease relatively
        by 5%, or if both the discount rate and the growth rate were to increase and decrease relatively by 5% respectively,
        there would be no further significant impairments that would have to be recognised.
       For Stack Overflow if either the pre- or post-tax discount rate applied to cash flows were to increase relatively by 5%
       there would be a further impairment of goodwill of US$119.0m. If the growth rate used to extrapolate cash flows
       were to decrease relatively by 5% there would be a further impairment of US$9.0m. If both the discount rate and the
       growth rate were to increase and decrease relatively by 5% respectively there would be a further impairment of
       goodwill of US$127.0m.

63 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)

7. GOODWILL (continued)
       Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)

       The carrying value of goodwill presented per segment as at 31 March 2022, is as follows:

                                                     Carrying       Basis of   Pre-tax               Post-tax                                                          Growth rate      Average
                                                     value of     determi-    discount               discount                                                                used to    revenue
                                                     goodwill     nation of                      rate applied                                                                            growth
                                                               recoverable      rates(2)                                                                               extrapolate       rate(2)(3)
                                                       US$'m     amount(1)            %                to cash                                                         cash flows(2)
                                                                                                       flows(2)                                                                                 %
                                                                                                                                                                                    %   6.7-55.0
                                                                                                              %
                                                                                                                                                                                  3.5  10.6-38.9
CGUs by segment                                      1 495               VIU  13.2-15.1          11.5-23.5
  Classifieds                                          364                                                                                                                        4.0  15.3-21.5
    OLX Autos                                                            VIU        28.4               25.0                                                                  Various   22.9-36.9
                                                       287     VIU/FVLCoD       Various            Various
      Frontier Car Group Inc. (FCG)                     77                                                                                                                        3.5  11.8-19.0
      OLX B.V.                                                           VIU        16.1               14.0                                                                       3.5
    Avito AB                                         1 016               VIU        16.7               14.0                                                                       3.5
    Other classifieds                                  115               VIU        22.4               16.5                                                                       4.5
  Payments and Fintech                                 337               VIU        16.9               14.0
    PayU India                                         130                                                                                                                        2.3
    PayU Global Payments Operations (GPO)              119               VIU        15.4               13.5                                                                       3.0
    Credit India                                        88               VIU        13.8               12.0                                                                  4.0-4.5
  Food Delivery                                         27               VIU  14.6-21.3          13.5-18.0                                                                   Various
  Edtech                                                       VIU/FVLCoD       Various            Various
    Stack Overflow                                   1 424
    GoodHabitz B.V.                                  1 213
  Etail
  Other                                                211
                                                       123

                                                        52

                                                     3 458

(1) The recoverable amount for the subsidiary's goodwill in these segments is either the value in use (VIU) or the fair value less costs of disposal (FVLCoD).
  FVLCoD is based on the most recent transaction value from an acquisition during the current financial year. The fair value for these CGUs are level 3 measurements.

(2) Goodwill is tested annually as at 31 December or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired.
(3) The revenue growth rate is based on an average rate over the forecasted period.
Post-tax discount rates have been applied in calculations as value in use was determined using post-tax cash flows.

64 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)

7. GOODWILL (continued)
       Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)

       The carrying value of goodwill presented per segment as at 31 March 2021, is as follows:

                                                                    Basis of                     Post-tax    Growth rate    Average
                                                                  determi-                                        used to   revenue
                                                     Carrying     nation of   Pre-tax discount rate                          growth
                                                     value of  recoverable                                   extrapolate    rate(2)(3)
                                                     goodwill    amount(1)    discount applied to            cash flows(2)
                                                                                                                                   %
                                                       US$'m                  rates (2) cash flows(2)                    %

                                                                              %                  %

CGUs by segment                                      1 617               VIU        13.7               12.0       4.0       16.1-63.7
  Classifieds                                        1 097               VIU  12.4-26.3          10.5-22.0        4.0
    Avito AB                                                             VIU  12.3-14.8          11.0-13.0        4.0       12.8-47.9
    Frontier Car Group Inc. (FCG)                      287     VIU/FVLCoD                                    Various        22.3-37.6
                                                                                Various            Various                  13.3-20.8
    OLX B.V.                                            77               VIU                                      4.0
    Other classifieds                                  156               VIU        15.8               13.5       4.0
  Payments and Fintech                                 372               VIU        15.3               13.0       4.0
    PayU India                                         133               VIU        15.5               13.5       4.5
    PayU Global Payments Operations (GPO)              151               VIU        15.5               12.5  4.0-5.0
    Credit India                                               VIU/FVLCoD     13.7-23.4          12.5-15.5   Various
  Food Delivery                                         88                      Various            Various
  Etail                                                 28
  Other                                                116
                                                        53

                                                     2 186

(1) The recoverable amount for the subsidiary's goodwill in these segments is either the value in use (VIU) or the fair value less costs of disposal (FVLCoD). FVLCoD is based on the most recent
transaction value from an acquisition during the prior financial year. The fair value for these CGUs are level 3 measurements.
(2) Goodwill is tested annually as at 31 December or more frequently if a change in circumstance indicates that it might be impaired.
(3) The revenue growth rate is based on an average rate over the forecasted period.

Post-tax discount rates have been applied in calculations as value in use was determined using post-tax cash flows.

65 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Group structure (continued)

8. SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES

The following information relates to the group's interest in its significant subsidiaries at 31 March:

Name of subsidiary                         Effective           Nature of Country of Functional
                                          percentage            business incorporation currency
                                           interest(1)

                                          2022          2021
                                             %             %

Listed companies

Corporate companies                                            Investment
Prosus N.V.
                                          42.29         73.19  holding Netherlands                      US$

Unlisted companies

Corporate companies

                                                               Investment

MIH Holdings Proprietary Limited          100.00 100.00        holding South Africa                     ZAR
MIH Internet Holdings Limited B.V.
Prosus Services B.V.                                           Investment  The
Classifieds
OLX Global B.V.                           42.29         73.19  holding Netherlands                      US$

                                                               Corporate   The

                                          42.29         73.19  entity Netherlands                       US$

                                                                           The

                                          41.87         73.19 Classifieds Netherlands                   US$

Avito AB                                  41.87         73.19 Classifieds  Sweden                       SEK
Brocante Lab SAS (Selency)
                                          22.90         40.10 Classifieds  France                       EUR
Frontier Car Group Inc (FCG)
                                                                           United States

                                          41.87         66.38 Classifieds of America                    US$

Silver Indonesia JVCo B.V.                                                 The
(OLX Indonesia)
Food Delivery                             41.87         73.19 Classifieds Netherlands                   US$
iFood.com Agência de Restaurantes
Online S.A. (iFood)                       26.45         45.55     Food     Brazil                       BRL
                                                               delivery

Payments and Fintech                                           Investment  The

PayU Global B.V.                          42.29         73.19  holding Netherlands                      US$
iyzi Ödeme ve Elektronik Para Hizmetleri
                                                               Payments

Anonim irketi (Iyzico)                    38.54         66.70  platform    Turkey                       TRY
PayU Payments Private Limited
PaySense Private Limited                                       Payments
Red Dot Payment Private Limited
Wibmo Inc.                                42.29         73.19  platform    India                        INR

                                                               Credit

                                          34.93         57.97  platform    Singapore                    SGD

                                                               Payments

                                          31.33         52.50  platform    Singapore                    SGD

                                                               Payments United States

                                          42.29         73.19  platform of America                      US$

Zooz Mobile Limited                       42.29         73.19  Payments    Israel                       US$
                                                                platform

(1) The percentage interest shown is the financial effective interest, after disregarding the interests of the group's equity compensation plans
treated as treasury shares and taking into account retention options. The group's financial effective interest is, in some instances, impacted
by its shareholding in intermediate holding companies including Prosus N.V. Refer to note 4.

66 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Group structure (continued)

8. SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

The following information relates to the group's interest in its significant subsidiaries at 31 March:

                                          Effective

Name of subsidiary                        percentage       Nature of Country of Functional
                                           interest(1)      business incorporation currency

                                          2022 2021

                                          %             %

Edtech

                                                           Investment      The

MIH Edtech Investments B.V.               42.29         -  holding Netherlands                          US$

                                                           Educational     The

Good BidCo B.V (GoodHabitz)(2)            26.35         -  platform Netherlands                         EUR

                                                           Educational     United

Stack Overflow Limited(2)                 42.29         -  platform        Kingdom                      GBP

Etail

                                                           Investment      The

MIH B2C Holdings B.V.                     42.29 73.19      holding Netherlands                          US$

                                                           Retail and

Dante International S.A. (eMAG)           33.65 58.61      ecommerce       Romania                      RON

                                                           Retail and

Extreme Digital Zrt                       18.19 30.48      ecommerce       Hungary                      HUF

                                                           Retail and

Takealot Online (RF) Proprietary Limited  100.00 96.99     ecommerce South Africa                       ZAR

Other ecommerce

                                                           Mobile value

Movile Mobile Commerce Holdings, S.L.     39.77  68.07     added services  Brazil                       BRL
Sympla Internet Soluções S.A.             32.91  56.54       Mobile value
                                                                           Brazil                       BRL
                                                           added services

Media                                                      Investment

Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited      100.00 100.00    holding South Africa                         ZAR
Media24 Proprietary Limited
                                          100.00 100.00    Publishing South Africa                      ZAR

(1) The percentage interest shown is the financial effective interest, after disregarding the interests of the group's equity compensation plans
treated as treasury shares and taking into account retention options. The group's financial effective interest is, in some instances, impacted
by its shareholding in intermediate holding companies including Prosus N.V. Refer to note 4.

(2)The group acquired its interest in the current year and accounts for its interest as a subsidiary.

67 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)

8. SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

       The summarised financial information contained below relates to subsidiaries of the group that are considered to have
       significant non-controlling interests:

                                                                  Prosus N.V.

                                                                  31 March 31 March

                                                                  2022         2021

                                                                  US$'m        US$'m

Summarised statement of financial position                        56 073   48 583
Non-current assets                                                15 265    7 145
Current assets                                                    71 338
                                                                  16 402   55 728
Total assets                                                                8 535
                                                                   4 413    4 007
Non-current liabilities                                           20 815
Current liabilities                                               29 516   12 542
                                                                           11 667
Total liabilities                                                  6 866
                                                                  18 733    5 116
Accumulated non-controlling interests                             (3 167)   7 449
Summarised income statement                                       15 566    9 011
Revenue                                                                    16 460
Net profit for the year attributable to equity holders
Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to equity holders   ( 83)          ( 12)
                                                                  ( 134)          ( 57)
Total comprehensive income attributable to equity holders                         215
                                                                    238
Total comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling                          159
interests                                                         ( 605)       (3 218)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                       4 392         2 450
Dividend declared by subsidiaries                                 2 403
Summarised statement of cash flows
Cash flows (utilised in)/generated from operating activities
Cash flows generated from/(utilised in) investing activities
Cash flows generated from financing activities

68 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)

9. CHANGES IN NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST

       The Prosus group represents a significant portion of Naspers's NAV as it comprises the international ecommerce and
       internet assets, including the investment in Tencent. In August 2021, subsequent to the closing of the share exchange,
       Prosus owns 49.5% fully diluted interest which represents a 49.9% effective economic interest in Naspers including the
       3.7% effective interest obtained via the share repurchase programme (refer to note 24). Accordingly, the cross-holding
       agreement that is effective from the closing of the share exchange includes the Naspers shares Prosus already owned.
       Refer to note 4 for the accounting treatment relating to this transaction.

       In addition, Prosus commenced an on-market share repurchase programme of Prosus's N ordinary shares in August
       2021 for a total consideration of up to US$5bn from its free-float shareholders in support of delivering the overall
       benefits of the Prosus share exchange offer to Naspers Limited N ordinary shareholders which was completed on 16
       August 2021. 69 825 860 Prosus N ordinary shares were repurchased as at 31 March 2022.

       Subsequent to the share-exchange and the share repurchase, the group's economic interest in Prosus N.V. is 42.29%
       (31 March 2021: 73.19%). Accordingly, the 57.71% (31 March: 2021 26.81%) interest in Prosus held by free float
       shareholders represents a significant non-controlling interest of the group. This increase in non-controlling interest
       was accounted for as an equity transaction because there is a change in Naspers's effective interest in the group but
       no change to the control structure. The excess of the Naspers treasury shares recognised and the increase in non-
       controlling interest of US$21.81bn was recognised in the "existing business combination reserve" in equity as a result
       of the share exchange. Refer to note 4 for detailed accounting treatment of the share exchange.

       The Prosus group prepares its own consolidated financial results, which are reported to its shareholders in accordance
       with its listing obligations on Euronext Amsterdam. More information on Prosus's results is available at
       https://www.prosus.com.

        In April 2021, the group acquired the share capital held by non-controlling shareholders of its subsidiary Takealot
        Online (RF) Proprietary Limited (Takealot), for US$54.8m. Following the acquisition, the group holds a 100% effective
        interest (96% fully diluted) in Takealot. This resulted in the cancellation of the US$44.4m written put option liability
        and the US$11.1m employment linked cash-settled share-based payment liability related to the non-controlling
        shareholder which was derecognised. The cancellation of the written put option liability was recorded in equity in the
        "existing business combination reserve". The settlement of the fully vested cash-settled share-based payment liability
        had a minimal impact on the consolidated income statement. The group recognised US$54.5m in the "existing
        business combination reserve" in equity representing the gain from the change in ownership interest in the entity.

        The group acquired the share capital held by non-controlling shareholders of its subsidiary Frontier Car Group Inc.
        (FCG), for US$59.3m. At 31 March 2021, the group held a 91% effective interest. Following the acquisition, the group
        holds a 99% effective interest (98% fully diluted interest) in FCG. This resulted in the cancellation of the US$66.4m
        written put option liability and the US$16.6m employment linked cash-settled share-based payment liability related to
        the non-controlling shareholders which was derecognised. The cancellation of the written put option liability was
        recognised in equity in the "existing business combination reserve" and the cancellation of the cash settled share-
        based payment liability was recognised in the consolidated income statement. The group recognised US$59.9m in the
        "existing business combination reserve" in equity representing the gain from the change in ownership interest in the
        entity.

69 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Group structure (continued)

10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

The following information relates to the group's financial interest in its significant associates at 31 March:

                                          Effective                                               Func-
                                                             Nature of Country of tional
                                          percentage          business incorporation currency Year-end

Name of associated company                interest(1)(2)

                                          2022 2021

                                          %               %

Listed companies                          11.54  15.44       Food delivery  Germany        EUR December
Delivery Hero SE(3)                       12.18  22.59                                     RMB December
                                                 19.97       Internet-                     RUB December
Tencent Holdings Limited(4)                9.62  17.65                                      US$ December
                                          15.88              related        Cayman          US$ December
VK Group Limited (previously Mail.ru)(5)              -
                                           6.31  12.34       services       Islands         NIS December
Remitly Global Inc.                        5.19  10.24                                      US$ March
                                                             Internet-
Skillsoft(6)
SimilarWeb Limited                                           related        British
Udemy, Inc.
Unlisted companies                                           services Virgin Islands
Classifieds
EMPG Holdings Limited                                        Digital        United

OfferUp Incorporated                                         money          States of
Food delivery
Bundl Technologies Private                                   transfer       America

                                                                            United

                                                             Educational    States of

                                                             Platform       America

                                                             Internet

                                                             metrics        Israel

                                                             Educational United States

                                                             technology of America

                                          16.85 28.60        Classifieds    United Arab    US$ December
                                          16.51 28.94        Classifieds        Emirates   US$ December
                                                                                  United
                                                                                States of
                                                                                America

Limited (Swiggy)(3)                       13.84 30.15 Food delivery         India          INR March

Flink SE(6)                               4.13            - Food delivery   Germany        EUR December

Oda Group Holding AS(6)                   5.56            - Food delivery   Norway         NOK December

(1) The percentage interest shown is the financial effective interest, after disregarding the interests of equity compensation plans treated as treasury
shares and taking into account retention options. The group's financial effective interest is, in some instances, impacted by its shareholding in
intermediate holding companies including Prosus N.V. Refer to note 4.
(2) Where the group's interest is below 20% the group accounts for its interest as an investment in an associate on account of its significant influence
on the board of directors.
(3) Refer to note 6 for the group's additional investment during the current year.
(4) The group partially disposed of its interest in the current year (refer to note 6).
(5) During March 2022 the group lost its significant influence due to its resignation on the board of directors. The group accounts for the 27.29%
interest in VK at fair value through other comprehensive income. The fair value of the investment is US$nil at 31 March 2022. Refer to note 4
(6) The group acquired its interest in this entity during the current year (refer to note 6).

70 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Group structure (continued)

10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)

The following information relates to the group's financial interest in its significant associates at 31 March:

                                          Effective                                                                                 Func-
                                                                                              Nature of Country of tional
                                          percentage                                           business incorporation currency Year-end

Name of associated company                interest(1)(2)

                                          2022 2021

                                           %              %

Unlisted companies (continued)

Edtech

Ryzac, Inc. (Codecademy)                  10.05                 Educational United States                           US$ December
                                                     15.33 technology of America

Sololearn, Inc.                                                   Educational United States                         US$ March
                                          7.80 14.52 technology of America

Think & Learn Private Limited                                                       Educational
(BYJU's)(3)
                                          4.15            7.74 technology                               India       INR March

Brainly, Inc.                             17.82                 Educational United States                           US$ December
                                                     29.32 technology of America

Eruditus Learning Solutions                                                         Educational
Private Limited(3)
                                          5.57            6.46 technology Singapore                                 SGD                          June

Other ecommerce

Honor Technology, Inc. (Honor)                                                      United States                   US$ December
                                          5.80 11.58 Home care of America

Meesho, Inc.(3)                                                                               Online United States

                                          5.85            9.05 marketplace of America                               US$ December

API Holdings Private Limited              5.60            - Health care                                 India       INR March
(Pharmeasy)(4)

NTEx Transportation Services Private      9.57 15.06                                          Logistic  India       INR March
Limited (ElasticRun)(3)                                                                       services

Corporate

Naspers Beleggings (RF) Limited(5)                                                  Investment

                                          49.00      49.00                                    holding South Africa  ZAR March

(1) The percentage interest shown is the financial effective interest, after disregarding the interests of the group's equity compensation plans

treated as treasury shares and taking into account retention options. The group's financial effective interest is, in some instances, impacted by its

shareholding in intermediate holding companies including Prosus N.V. Refer to note 4.

(2) Where the group's interest is below 20% the group accounts for its interest as an investment in an associate on account of its significant

influence on the board of directors.

(3) Refer to note 6 for the group's additional investment during the current year.

(4) The group acquired its interest in this entity during the current year. Refer to note 6.

(5) The group has concluded that it does not control Naspers Beleggings (RF) Limited as it does not have the ability to unilaterally direct its

substantive decisions.

The fair values of the group's investments in its listed associates are detailed below:

                                                                                                                    31 March

                                                                                                                    2022                         2021

                                                                                                                    US$'m US$'m

Listed investments                                                                                                     3 035                        6 810
Delivery Hero SE                                                                                                    132 311                      232 354
Tencent Holdings Limited
VK (previously Mail.ru Group Limited)(1)                                                                                    -                       1 409

Remitly inc                                                                                                              369                             -
Skillsoft                                                                                                                302                             -
SimilarWeb Limited                                                                                                       145                             -
Udemy, Inc                                                                                                               213                             -

The above fair values have been measured using quoted prices in active markets and the disclosed amounts therefore represent level
1 fair-value measurements.
(1) During March 2022 the group lost its significant influence due to its resignation on the board of directors. Refer to note 4.

71 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Group structure (continued)

10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)

                                                            31 March

                                                             2022      2021
                                                            US$'m     US$'m

Opening balance                                             40 566    22 235
Associates acquired - gross consideration                    4 824     2 352
                                                             1 278       212
  net assets acquired (restated)*                            3 661     2 257
  goodwill and other intangibles recognised (restated)*(1)
                                                             ( 115)    ( 117)
  deferred taxation recognised                                 ( 10)     ( 20)
Associates disposed of                                         ( 38)         -
Transferred to held-for-sale
Share of current year changes in OCI and net asset value    (2 699)    6 819
Share of equity-accounted results                            9 375     7 147
Equity-accounted results due to acquisition accounting
                                                               ( 72)     ( 33)
  amortisation of other intangible assets                      ( 99)     ( 46)
  realisation of deferred taxation
Impairment                                                       27        13
Dividends received(2)                                        ( 587)      ( 11)
                                                            (4 426)    ( 458)
Foreign currency translation effects
Disposal of partial interest in associate(3)                 ( 249)    1 546
                                                            (2 316)          -
Dilution gains(4)
                                                                 93      989

Closing balance                                             44 461 40 566

Investments in associates                                   40 463    38 136
Listed                                                       3 998     2 430
Unlisted
                                                            44 461    40 566
Total investments in associates

(1) Includes goodwill of US$2.1bn (2021: US$1.2bn) and intangible assets of US$489.7m (2021: US$298.1m) relating to the acquisition of additional
shares in Delivery Hero.

(2) At 31 March 2022, the dividend received from Tencent amounted to US$570.7m cash and dividends in specie of US$3.9bn in shares of JD.com.

(3) At 31 March 2022, gains on partial disposal recognised in the consolidated income statement relates to the 2% disposal of Tencent Holdings
Limited. The group recognised a gain on partial disposal of US$12.34bn.

(4)The total dilution gains/(losses) presented in the income statement relate to the group's diluted effective interest in associates and the
reclassification of a portion of the group's foreign currency translation reserves from other comprehensive income to the income statement following
the shareholding dilutions.

*The group made additional investments in Delivery Hero SE in March 2021. At 31 March 2021 the purchase price allocation (PPA) was not yet
finalised and accordingly previously published financial information included only provisional amounts for intangible assets. The PPA was finalised
during the year ended 31 March 2022 and accordingly the provisional amount for intangible assets was updated to the final amounts. 'net assets
acquired' and 'goodwill and other intangibles recognised' previously published were US$441.0m and US$2 028.0m respectively. This restatement did
not change the carrying amount of the investment in Delivery Hero SE at 31 March 2021.

72 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)
10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)

        The group recognised US$9.3bn (2021: US$7.1bn) from associates as its share of equity-accounted results in the
        income statement. There are no cumulative unrecognised losses relating to associates that have been fully impaired,
        recognised (2021: US$nil) as at 31 March 2022.
        The group recognised total dilution gains of US$95.1m (2021: US$1.0bn) as part of "Dilution gains on equity accounted
        investments" in the income statement. The net dilution gain includes US$92.3m which relates to the group's
        shareholding in Delivery Hero, Swiggy and SimilarWeb and other unlisted investments. The prior year net dilution gain
        relates primarily to a 4% dilution in the group's interest in Delivery Hero as a result of share issue.
       The total dilution gain presented in the income statement also includes a gain of US$2.8m (2021: dilution loss of
       US$8.4m) relating to the reclassification of a portion of the group's foreign currency translation reserves from other
       comprehensive income to the income statement following shareholding dilutions.
       In March 2022, the groups directors resigned with immediate effect from the VK Board and no voting rights will be
       exercised under the current circumstances and sanctions landscape. As a result of the resignation of the directors from
       the VK board the group lost significant influence over VK and ceased accounting for this investment as an associate.
       The group reclassified a portion of the foreign currency translation reserves related to VK from other comprehensive
       income to the "Net (losses)/gains on acquisitions and disposals" in the income statement amounting to a loss of
       US$1.14bn as a result of the loss of significant influence.
       The group's share of equity-accounted investments' other comprehensive income and reserves relates mainly to the
       revaluation of the associates' investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.
       Direct equity movements relate to the group's share of equity accounted investments' transfer of gains on disposal
       and deemed disposal of financial instruments to retained earnings.
        Adjustments are made for significant transactions and events that take place where lag periods are applied. These
        adjustments usually include impairments and fair-value adjustments related to the underlying financial instruments of
        associates measured at fair value through profit or loss or at fair value through other comprehensive income.
       As at 31 March 2022, the group does not recognise deferred tax on its investments in associates as distributions from
       associates do not have tax consequences.

73 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Group structure (continued)

10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)

        Impairment of equity accounted investments
       The group assesses whether there is an indication that its equity-accounted investments are impaired. This assessment
       was due to the decline in the market capitalisation of the listed equity-accounted investments and the increase in
       country risk premiums. The group recognised impairment losses of US$589.1m (2021: US$11.0m) for equity-accounted
       investments of which US$473.6m of the impairment loss related to VK.

        The significant decline in the share price of VK presented an indicator for impairment on the carrying value of this
        investment immediately prior to the loss of significant influence. Accordingly, the group fully impaired the carrying
        value of the investment for the year ended 31 March 2022.
        The impairment assessment for equity-accounted investments included, among other, an assessment for the group's
        investment in Delivery Hero as a result of a decline in its market capitalisation. The recoverable amount for Delivery
        Hero is the higher of the value in use and fair value less costs of disposal. The recoverable amount was based on the
        value in use calculations. The value in use was higher than the market prices for the investment because market prices
        reflect current market sentiment while value in use considers a longer term horizon. The value in use was determined
        using the discounted cash flow method. The group used 10-year projected cash flow models as the business have
        monetisation timelines longer than 5 years. The 10-year projected cash flow models incorporated market views and
        publicly available analyst projections. The equity-accounted investment was valued using the sum-of-the-parts
        approach. The value in use calculation determined the equity values for the investment which took into consideration
        the following key assumptions:
        Revenue and Expenses
        Revenue and expenses are based on past experience, management's future expectations of business performance and
        the latest guidance announced by Delivery Hero. The revenue and expense drivers for Delivery Hero are the number of
        orders which increased annually by forecasted annual growth rates and average order values.
        Growth rates
        The growth rates were consistent with publicly available information relating to long-term average growth rates for
        the markets in which the equity-accounted investments operate in. The annual growth rate used for revenue and
        expenses over the 10-year forecast period ranged between 5% - 47% for Delivery Hero.
        Discount rates
        The discount rates used reflect specific risks relating to the relevant operations and the regions in which they operate,
        while for certain operations, risk adjustments are made to discount rates used when calculating the value in use.
        Discount rates take into account country risk premiums and inflation differentials as appropriate. Post-tax discount
        rate used ranged between 10% - 15% for Delivery Hero. Pre-tax discount rate used ranged between 11.6%- 16.9%.
        Terminal growth rates
        The terminal growth rates considered the steady growth rates that would appropriately extrapolate cash flows beyond
        the forecasted periods once the business segment has assumed to reach maturity. The terminal growth rate for
        Delivery Hero fell within the range of 2% and 5% based on the expected growth in perpetuity in the markets that these
        businesses operate.
        Based on the value-in-use calculations of these investments, the value in use of Delivery Hero exceeds the carrying
        amount. Accordingly, there was no impairment loss recognised for this investment.

        Sensitivity to changes in assumptions
        An adverse adjustment to any of the above key assumptions would result in an impairment of Delivery Hero.

74 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Group structure (continued)

10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
       Material associates' summarised financial information

                                                                 31 March(1)         31 March(1)       31 March(1)(3)
                                                              Tencent Holdings    Delivery Hero SE       VK Group

                                                              Limited             Limited              Limited

                                                                                          Restated(2)

                                                                  2022      2021  2022     2021         2022   2021
                                                                US$'m     US$'m                        US$'m  US$'m
                                                                                  US$'m US$'m
                                                                 4 426       458                                    -
Dividends received                                                                -
                                                               87 530    71 597                               1 345
Revenue                                                        34 179    26 365   6 741     2 919             ( 197)
Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations                  (18 022)   21 571     810    (4 133)
Other comprehensive income                                     16 157    47 936                                   13
Total comprehensive income/(loss)                                                  ( 26)      ( 64)           ( 184)
Non-current assets(2)                                         168 122   160 556
Current assets                                                 76 469    48 476   784 (4 197)                 3 058
Total assets                                                                                                    806
Non-current liabilities(2)                                    244 591   209 032   10 403   8 321
Current liabilities                                                                3 978   3 809              3 864
Total liabilities                                              51 726    43 169
                                                               60 880    41 064   14 381 12 130                 792
Closing net assets                                            112 606    84 233                                 655
Non-controlling interests                                                         7 469    6 107              1 447
                                                              131 985   124 799   1 942    1 739
Group's direct interest in associate at year-end              (11 103)  (12 857)                              2 417
Goodwill( and other(2)                                        120 882   111 942   9 411 7 846                   ( 22)
                                                               34 826    34 545
                                                                                  4 970    4 284              2 395
                                                                    11        11   ( 17)      ( 5)              654
                                                                                                                103
                                                                                  4 953    4 279
                                                                                  1 351      903
                                                                                  3 595
                                                                                           1 919

Carrying value of investment                                  34 837 34 556 4 946 2 822                         757

(1) Reflects the summarised financial information of the above associates as at 31 December, adjusted for significant transactions and events that took place
during the lag period applied for accounting purposes.

(2) The group made additional investments in Delivery Hero SE in March 2021, May 2021 and August 2021. At 31 March 2021 the purchase price allocation (PPA)
was not yet finalised and accordingly previously published financial information included only provisional amounts for intangible assets. The PPA was finalised
during the year ended 31 March 2022 and accordingly the provisional amount for intangible assets was updated to the final amounts. 'Non-current assets','non-
current liabilities' and 'goodwill and other' previously published were US$8 236m,US$4 959m and US$1 694m respectively. This restatement did not change the
carrying amount of the investment in Delivery Hero SE at 31 March 2021. Included in goodwill and other is the fair value adjustment related to intangible assets
arising as a result of the incremental acquisition acquired amounting to US$40.4m (2021: USD 95.8m).

(3) The group lost significant influence in VK as a result of its resignation on its board of directors.

75 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Group structure (continued)

10. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
       Other associates' summarised financial information

                                                                                               31 March

                                                                                               2022                 2021

                                                                                               US$'m                US$'m

Net loss from continuing operations                                                            ( 632)               ( 223)
Other comprehensive income                                                                        60                   26

Total comprehensive loss                                                                       ( 572)               ( 197)

Carrying value of investments                                                                  4 678                2 430

Total carrying value of investments in associates                                              44 461               40 566

The group had no capital commitments or contingent liabilities at 31 March 2022 or 2021 in respect of its investments
in associates.

11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

The following information relates to the group's financial interest in its significant joint ventures at 31 March:

                                         Effective                                             Func-

Name of joint venture                    percentage           Nature of Country of tional
                                          interest(1)          business incorporation currency Year-end

                                         2022 2021

                                         %                 %

Unlisted companies                       20.93 36.60                                      The  US$ December
                                                              Classifieds Netherlands
Silver Brazil JVCo B.V. (OLX Brazil)                                                           COP December
Inversiones CMR S.A.S.                   13.52 23.23 Food delivery  Colombia                   EUR December
(Domicilios.com)                         12.99 22.24 Food delivery      Spain
El Cocinero a Cuerda S.L. (SinDelantal)

(1) The percentage interest shown is the financial effective interest, after disregarding for the interests of the group's equity compensation plans
   treated as treasury shares and taking into account retention options. The group's financial effective interest is, in some instances, impacted by its
   shareholding in intermediate holding companies including Prosus N.V. which was listed on Euronext Amsterdam during the 2020 financial year.

Adjustments are made for significant transactions and events that take place where lag periods are applied.

76 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Group structure (continued)

11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (continued)

                                                                                             31 March

                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                             US$'m           US$'m

Opening balance                                                                              160             74
Joint ventures acquired - gross consideration(1)
                                                                                             5               134
  net assets acquired
  goodwill and other intangibles recognised                                                  5               20
Share of equity-accounted results
Equity-accounted results due to acquisition accounting                                       -               114
Impairment
Dividends received                                                                           ( 48)           ( 18)
Foreign currency translation effects
                                                                                             -               ( 1)

                                                                                             -               ( 21)

                                                                                             ( 1)            ( 2)

                                                                                             30              ( 6)

Closing balance                                                                              146             160

(1) Refer to note 6 for investments in joint ventures during the prior year.

The group recognised losses of US$48.2m (2021 profits of: US$17.5m) from joint ventures as its share of equity-
accounted profits in the income statement. There are no cumulative unrecognised losses relating to joint ventures
that have been fully impaired, recognised (2021: US$nil) as at 31 March 2022.

Impairment losses of US$nil (2021: US$20.9m) were recognised for the group's investments in joint ventures.

None of the group's interests in joint ventures are considered to be individually material.

As at 31 March 2022 the group does not recognise deferred tax on its investments in joint ventures as distributions
from joint ventures do not have tax consequences.

The group had no capital commitments or contingent liabilities in respect of its investments in joint ventures at 31
March 2022 and 2021.

77 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Group structure (continued)

12. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND BUSINESSES                           31 March

       Fair value of assets and liabilities:                               2022      2021
         Property, plant and equipment                                    US$'m     US$'m
         Investments and loans
         Other intangible assets                                          16        9
         Net current (liability)/assets
         Deferred taxation                                                -         2
         Long-term liabilities
                                                                          309       45
       Total fair value of assets and liabilities
       Non-controlling interests                                          90        ( 12)
       Goodwill recognised
       Purchase consideration                                             ( 81)     ( 10)
       Amount to be settled in future
       Settlement of amounts owing in respect of prior year purchases     ( 10)     ( 9)
       Net cash in subsidiaries and businesses acquired
       Net cash outflow from acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses  324       25

13. DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND BUSINESSES                              ( 16)     ( 24)

       Carrying values of assets and liabilities:                         1 692     43
         Property, plant and equipment
         Disposal groups classified as held for sale                      2 000     44
         Goodwill
         Other intangible assets                                          -         ( 7)
         Net current assets/(liabilities)
         Deferred taxation                                                -         ( 2)
         Long-term liabilities
         Foreign currency translation reserve realised                    ( 104)    ( 20)

       Existing control business combination reserve                      1 896     15
       Gain on disposal - net
       Fair value gain on shares received                                 31 March
       Selling price
       Net cash in subsidiaries and businesses disposed of                2022      2021
       Shares received as settlement
       Amounts relating to prior year disposal                            US$'m US$'m
       Amounts to be received in the future
       Net cash inflow from disposals of subsidiaries and businesses      2         3

                                                                          -         174

                                                                          8         72

                                                                          16        13

                                                                          7         8

                                                                          ( 4)      -

                                                                          ( 1)      -

                                                                          -         16

                                                                          28        286

                                                                          1         ( 17)

                                                                          21        346

                                                                          -         174

                                                                          50        789

                                                                          ( 15)     ( 35)

                                                                          ( 33) ( 710)

                                                                          22        -

                                                                          ( 4)      ( 17)

                                                                          20        27

78 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Operational performance

14. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
       Accounting policy

       Revenue from contracts with customers is derived from the sale of goods and rendering of services. Revenue is
       measured based on the transaction price specified in the contract with the customer. The group recognises revenue
       when (or as) it transfers control of goods and/or services to its customers, which is when specific criteria have been
       met for each of the group's activities as described below. Revenue is recognised at the amount the group expects to be
       entitled to in exchange for the goods and/or services transferred to customers.

       Revenue is shown net of value added tax (VAT), returns, rebates and discounts. For contracts that permit returns,
       rebates or discounts, revenue is recognised only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal of
       revenue will not occur as a result of such items. The amount of revenue recognised is adjusted for expected returns,
       rebates or discounts which are estimated based on the group's historical experience and taking into consideration the
       type of customer, the type of transaction and the specific terms of each arrangement. The right to return goods is
       measured at the former carrying amount of the inventory less expected costs to recover goods where applicable.

        Where contracts include multiple goods and/or services, the transaction price is allocated to each distinct good or
        service (or performance obligation) based on respective stand-alone selling prices. Where stand-alone selling prices
        are not directly observable, they are estimated.

       The group identifies all parties that are integral to it generating revenue on its online platforms as its customers and,
       accordingly, incentives (including cash discounts and discount vouchers/coupons) provided to any party transacting on
       the platform are treated as a reduction of revenue.

       The group considers, for each contract with a customer, whether it is a principal or an agent. The group regards itself
       as the principal in a transaction where it controls a promised good or service before the good or service is transferred
       to a customer. Where the group is the principal in a transaction, it recognises revenue in the gross amount of
       consideration to which it expects to be entitled. The group is the principal in the majority of transactions that it enters
       into. Where the group is in capacity of an agent, recognises revenue on a net basis.

       Revenue earned, but for which the group's right to the consideration payment is not yet unconditional is presented as
       accrued income as part of other receivables in the statement of financial position. Payments received in advance from
       contracts with customers represent an obligation to transfer future goods and/or services and are presented as part of
       accrued expenses and other liabilities in the statement of financial position.

        The group is not party to contracts where the period between the transfer of goods and/or services and payment
        exceeds one year. Consequently, the group does not adjust its transaction prices for financing components.

        Revenue recognition for the group's major revenue streams is outlined below in the following paragraphs

       Ecommerce revenue
        Revenue represents amounts received or receivable from customers relating to online goods sold on the group's etail
        and other internet platforms and from services rendered. Services rendered include advertising, classifieds listing
        revenue, payment transaction commissions and fees, food delivery revenue, educational technology revenue, mobile
        and other content revenue.
       Sale of goods
        Revenue from goods sold is recognised when the goods are delivered and accepted by customer.

       Classifieds listing
        The group recognises classifieds listings and related feature fees over the feature period or on listing of an item for
        sale depending on the nature of the feature purchased. Success fees and other relevant commissions are recognised
        when a transaction is completed on the group's websites.

       Payments and fintech, food delivery and mobile content
        Payments and fintech, food delivery, mobile content revenues are recognised once a transaction is completed and is
        based on the applicable fee for each transaction performed.

       Educational technology revenue
       Educational technology revenues are recognized over the period in which the online educational content is provided
       for or when the online educational content is provided depending on the nature of the educational content purchased.

79 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

14. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (continued)
       Accounting policy (continued)

       Advertising revenues
       The group mainly derives advertising revenues from advertisements published in its newspapers and magazines and
       shown online on its websites and instant-messaging windows. Advertising revenues from print media products are
       recognised upon publication over the period of the advertising contract. Publication is regarded to be when the print
       media product has been delivered to the retailer and is available to be purchased by the general public. Online
       advertising revenues are recognised over the period in which the advertisements are displayed using a time-based
       measure.

       Printing, distribution, circulation and publishing revenue
        Revenues from print and distribution services are recognised upon completion of the services and delivery of the
        related product and customer acceptance.

       The recognition of print services revenue is based upon delivery of the product to the distribution depot and
       acceptance by the distributor of the customer, or, where the customer is responsible for the transport of the
       customers' products, acceptance by the customer or its nominated transport company. Revenues from distribution
       services are recognised upon delivery of the product to the retailer and acceptance thereof.

       Print and distribution services are separately provided by different entities within the group and separately contracted
       for by customers. Where these services are provided to the same client, the terms of each separate contract are
       consistent with contracts where an unrelated party provides one of the services. Revenue is recognised separately for
       print and distribution services as the contracts are separately negotiated based on fair value for each service.

       Circulation revenue is recognised in the month in which the magazine or newspaper is sold.

       Book sales are recognised upon delivery of products and customer acceptance. Revenue relating to any particular
       publication is brought into account in the month that it is published.

                                                                                                 31 March

                                                                          Reportable segment(s)   2022      2021
                                                                          where revenue is       US$'m     US$'m
                                                                          included

Online sale of goods revenue                                              Classifieds            4 492     3 343
Classifieds listings revenue                                              and Etail              1 008       725
Payment transaction commissions and fees                                  Classifieds                        513
Mobile and other content revenue                                          Payments and Fintech     703       147
Food delivery revenue                                                     Other Ecommerce           71       733
Advertising revenue                                                       Food Delivery                      142
Printing, distribution, circulation, publishing and subscription revenue  Various                  986       117
Educational technology revenue                                            Media                    175          -
Other revenue                                                             Edtech                   138       214
                                                                          Various
                                                                                                    83     5 934
                                                                                                   284

                                                                                                 7 940

Revenue is presented on an economic-interest basis (i.e. including a proportionate consolidation of the revenue of
associates and joint ventures) in the group's segmental review and is accordingly not directly comparable to the above
consolidated revenue figures. Refer to note 22 for disaggregation of revenue by geographical area.

80 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Operational performance (continued)

14. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (continued)

        The group has recognised the following assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position that relate to
        revenue from contracts with customers:
        Accrued Income (refer to note 36)
        Accrued income balance net of impairment allowances as at 31 March 2022 was US$46.6m (2021: US$17.8m). Refer to
        note 41 for the group's credit risk management policy. Impairment allowances recorded on accrued income balances
        were not material.
        Deferred Income (refer to notes 32 and 40)
        The total deferred income balance as at 31 March 2022 was US$181.9m (2021: US$101.9m) which consists of a
        current liability portion of US$166.2m (2021: US$101.9m) and a non-current liability portion of US$15.7m (2021:
        US$nil). Revenue recognised in the current year that was included in the deferred income balance at the beginning of
        the year (as at 1 April 2021) was US$71.8m (2021: US$47.8m).
        There were no significant changes in accrued income or deferred revenue balances during any of the periods
        presented.
        Unsatisfied long-term contracts
        The group has no unsatisfied long-term contracts as at 31 March 2022 (2021: US$nil).

      EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
       Accounting policy

       Retirement benefits
       The group provides retirement benefits to its eligible employees, primarily by means of monthly contributions to a
       number of defined contribution pension and provident funds. The assets of these funds are generally held in separate
       trustee administered funds. The group's contributions to retirement funds are recognised as an expense in the period
       in which employees render the related service.
       Medical aid benefits
       The group's contributions to medical aid benefit funds for employees are recognised as an expense in the period in
       which the employees render services to the group.
       Post-employment medical aid benefits
       Some group companies provide post-employment healthcare benefits to their retirees. The entitlement to post-
       employment healthcare benefits is subject to the employee remaining in service up to retirement age and completing
       a minimum service period. The expected costs of these benefits are accrued over the minimum service period.
       Independent actuaries carry out annual valuations of these obligations. All remeasurements resulting from experience
       adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised immediately in other comprehensive income. These
       obligations are unfunded.
       Termination benefits
       The group recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to either terminate the employment of
       employees before the normal retirement date or provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to
       encourage voluntary redundancy.
       Where termination benefits fall due more than 12 months after the reporting period, they are discounted. In the case
       of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy, the measurement of termination benefits is based on the
       number of employees expected to accept the offer. Termination benefits are immediately recognised as an expense in
       the income statement.

81 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

15. EXPENSES BY NATURE (continued)                                                                                     31 March

       Operating loss includes the following items:                                                                    2022      2021
       Platform cost of sales, website hosting and warehousing cost
       Payment facilitation transaction costs                                                                          US$'m US$'m
       Delivery services cost
       Depreciation(1)                                                                                                 4 055     2 976
       Amortisation(2)                                                                                                   627       391
       Short-term lease payments                                                                                         639       481
       Auditor's remuneration                                                                                            138       110
       Audit fees of the financial statements                                                                            146       154
       Other non-audit services                                                                                             4         3

       Staff costs                                                                                                        11        14
          As at 31 March 2022, the group had 35 276 (2021: 28 445) permanent employees.                                     3         2
          The total cost of employment of all employees, including executive directors,
          was as follows:                                                                                                 14        16
          Salaries, wages and bonuses
          Social security taxes                                                                                        1 314     1 012
          Retirement benefit costs                                                                                       133        99
          Medical aid fund contributions                                                                                  24        13
          Post-employment benefits                                                                                          7         5
          Cash settled share-based compensation expenses                                                                    9         3
          Equity settled share-based compensation expenses                                                               148
                                                                                                                         125       718
          Training costs                                                                                                            64
          Retention option expense                                                                                     1 760
       Total staff costs                                                                                                  17     1 914
                                                                                                                            3         9
       Research and development costs
       Advertising expenses                                                                                            1 780        74
       Printing and publishing costs
       General administration cost                                                                                          -    1 997
       Other costs of providing services and sale of goods, purchases and expenses                                       538
       Total                                                                                                                          -
                                                                                                                         168       354
         (1) Includes depreciation charge of US$2.6m in cost of providing services and sale of goods (2021: US$1.6m).    535
         (2) Recognised in selling, general and administration expense.                                                            106
                                                                                                                          34       410

                                                                                                                       8 678        22

                                                                                                                                 7 020

82 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

16. OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES) - NET                                                           31 March

       Profit on sale of assets                                                           2022                                               2021
       Fair-value adjustments on financial instruments                                   US$'m                                              US$'m
       Impairment losses
                                                                                             4                                                   -
         Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets                                  6                                                 ( 4)
         Impairment of property, plant and equipment and other assets                    ( 246)                                              ( 83)
       Dividends received on investments                                                 ( 246)                                              ( 72)
       Income on business support services                                                    -                                              ( 11)
       Covid-19 donation                                                                    45
       Other                                                                                34                                                  5
       Total other gains/(losses) - net                                                       -                                                  -
                                                                                             1                                               ( 13)
          Refer to notes 7, 33 and 34 for further information on the above impairments.                                                        ( 8)
                                                                                         ( 156)
                                                                                              -                                             ( 103)
                                                                                                                                                 -

17. FINANCE (COSTS)/INCOME                                                               31 March

       Interest income                                                                   2022                                               2021
       Loans and bank accounts
       Other                                                                             US$'m US$'m

       Interest expense                                                                     47                                                 77
       Loans and overdrafts                                                                 17                                                 24
       Capitalised lease liabilities                                                        64                                               101
       Other
                                                                                         ( 385)                                             ( 247)
       Other finance (cost)/income - net                                                  ( 15)                                              ( 16)
       Net (losses)/gain from foreign exchange translation and fair-value adjustments     ( 11)                                                ( 5)
       on derivative financial instruments
                                                                                         ( 411)                                             ( 268)
         On translation of assets and liabilities
         (Losses)/gains on derivative and other financial instruments (1)                122                                                80

                                                                                         ( 206)                                             127

                                                                                         ( 84)                                              207

Total finance (costs)/income - net                                                       ( 431)                                             40

(1) The current period includes a cost of US$217 related to the early settlement of portions of the 2025 and 2027 bonds. Refer to note 24.

83 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

18. NET (LOSSES)/GAINS ON ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

                                                                            31 March

                                                                             2022        2021
                                                                            US$'m       US$'m

Gains on sale of investments - net                                          30          242
(Losses)/ gains on sale of business- net
(Losses)/gains recognised on loss of significant influence transactions(1)  ( 1)        118
Remeasurement of contingent consideration
Transaction related costs                                                   (1 112)     -

                                                                            ( 6)        -

                                                                            ( 43)       ( 56)

Other (losses)/gains                                                        ( 1)        4

                                                                            (1 133)     308

(1)The group reclassified a portion of the foreign currency translation reserves related to VK from other comprehensive income to the income
statement amounting to a loss of US$1.14bn as a result of the loss of significant influence. Refer to note 10.

19. CASH FROM OPERATIONS

                                                                            31 March

                                                                            2022        2021

                                                                            US$'m US$'m

Profit before tax per income statement                                       18 644      7 222
Adjustments:
Non-cash and other                                                          (18 792)    (7 192)
                                                                                  ( 4)         -
  Loss on sale of assets                                                        284
  Depreciation and amortisation                                                     3      264
  Retention option expense                                                      273         74
  Share-based compensation expenses                                             431
  Net finance income                                                                       781
  Share of equity-accounted results                                          (9 255)       ( 40)
  Impairment of equity-accounted investments                                    587     (7 095)
  Gains on acquisitions and disposals                                           ( 22)
  Dilution gains on equity-accounted investments                                ( 95)       32
  Gains on partial disposal of equity-accounted investments                              ( 364)
  Losses/(gains) recognised on loss of significant influence transactions   (12 339)     ( 981)
                                                                              1 112
                                                                                           ( 19)
                                                                                               -

  Net realisable value adjustments on inventory, net of reversals              13           8
  Dividends received on investments                                          ( 45)         ( 5)
  Income on business support services                                        ( 34)
  Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets                         246             -
  Reversal of bonus provision                                                              83
  Other                                                                        62          39
Working capital                                                                ( 9)        31
  Cash movement in trade and other receivables                              ( 586)      ( 174)
  Cash movement in payables, accruals and share-based payment liability     ( 210)       ( 55)
  Cash movement in inventories                                              ( 155)
                                                                            ( 221)          2
Total cash (utilised) from operations                                                   ( 121)
                                                                            ( 734)
                                                                                        ( 144)

84 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

20. TAXATION

    Accounting policy
    Tax expense
    The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the income statement, except
    to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In such cases, the
    related tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

Current income tax
The normal South African company tax rate applied for the year ended 31 March 2022 is 28% (2021: 28%). The current
income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the statement of
financial position date in the countries where the group operates and generates taxable income. Management
periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are
subject to interpretation. It accounts for uncertain tax positions where appropriate, on the basis of amounts expected
to be paid to the tax authorities. International tax rates vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

Withholding tax on dividends
Dividends paid by Naspers Limited to shareholders that are not exempted from dividends withholding tax under South
African tax law are subject to dividend withholding tax at a rate of 20%.

                                                          31 March

                                                           2022      2021
                                                          US$'m     US$'m

Current taxation                                          165       ( 47)
  current year
  prior year                                              158       125

                                                          7         ( 172)

Deferred taxation                                         ( 59)     1
  current year
  prior year                                              ( 59)     1

Total taxation expense/ (credit) per income statement(1)  -         -

                                                          106       ( 46)

Reconciliation of taxation                                5 220     2 022
Taxation at statutory rates(2)

Adjusted for:                                                670     274
  non-deductible expenses(3)                              (3 515)   ( 364)
  non-taxable income(3)
  temporary differences not provided for(4)                  336     215

assessed losses unprovided                                ( 7)      ( 12)
adjustments related to prior year taxes(1)
                                                          ( 2) ( 156)

other taxes                                                   19        18
changes in taxation rates                                        -         -
tax attributable to equity-accounted earnings
tax adjustment for foreign taxation rates(5)              (2 592)   (1 987)
                                                             ( 23)     ( 56)

Taxation provided in income statement                     106       ( 46)

(1) Refer to note 44 for details on the tax credit in the prior year.
(2) The reconciliation of taxation has been performed using the statutory tax rate of Naspers Limited of 28% (2021: 28%). The impact of different tax
rates applied to profits earned in other jurisdictions is disclosed above as "Tax adjustment for foreign taxation rates".
(3) Non-deductible expenses relate primarily to impairment losses, share-based compensation expenses and dilutions of equity-accounted
investments. Non-taxable income relates primarily to the gains on disposals of subsidiaries and associates.
(4) Temporary differences and losses not provided for relate primarily to loss-making entities that did not recognise deferred tax assets.
(5) Tax adjustment for foreign taxation rates relates mainly to a different capital gain tax rate on disposal of associates.

85 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

21. DEFERRED TAXATION
       Accounting policy

       Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been calculated using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or
       substantively enacted by the statement of financial position date, being the rates the group expects to apply to the
       periods in which the assets are realised or the liabilities are settled. The normal South African corporate tax rate
       changes to 27% for the year of assessment beginning 1 April 2022 and is considered to be substantively enacted. The
       deferred tax temporary differences expected to reverse at this new corporate tax are not material.

Deferred taxation is provided on the taxable or deductible temporary differences arising between the tax bases of
assets and liabilities and their carrying values for financial reporting purposes. However, deferred tax liabilities are not
recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
transaction, other than a business combination, that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting nor
the taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit
will be available against which deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses can be utilised.

Deferred tax liabilities are provided for temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, associates and
joint ventures, except where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the group and it is
probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

The deferred tax assets and liabilities and movements thereon were attributable to the following items:

                                        1 April             Acquisition  Disposals     Foreign                   31
                                                 Charged of subsi-          of sub-  exchange               March

                                                        to diaries and    sidiaries                          2022
                                                                                and
                                                                                                            US$'m
                                        2021 income businesses businesses effects

                                        US$'m US$'m US$'m US$'m US$'m

Deferred tax assets                     19           -      -            2           ( 2)                   19
Provisions and other
current liabilities                     4            ( 1)   -            -           ( 1)                   2
Capitalised lease
liabilities                             ( 13)        ( 1)   3            ( 2)                            - ( 13)
Tax losses carried
forward                                 4            5      -            ( 2)                            1  8
Other
                                        14           3      3            ( 2)        ( 2)                   16
Total deferred tax assets
Offsetting of deferred tax liabilities  13                                                                  15
Net deferred tax assets
                                        27                                                                  31
Deferred tax
liabilities                             1            -      -            -           ( 1)                   -
Property, plant and
equipment                               199          ( 31)  79           ( 6)        ( 10) 231
Intangible assets
Receivables and other                   3            ( 2)   -            -           ( 1)                   -
current assets
Translation reserve                     13           ( 23)  5            -                               3  ( 2)
Other
                                        216          ( 56)  84           ( 6)        ( 9) 229
Total deferred tax liabilities

Offsetting of deferred tax liabilities  13                                                                  15
Net deferred tax liabilities
                                        229                                                                 244
Net deferred taxation
                                        ( 202)       59     ( 81)        4                               7 ( 213)

86 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

21. DEFERRED TAXATION (continued)              1 April   Charged    Charged                 Foreign       31
                                                2020            to  to other Acquisition  exchange    March
       Deferred taxation assets                                     compre- of subsi-
       Provisions and other                    US$'m    income(1)   hensive diaries and      effects   2021
       current liabilities                                           income businesses
       Capitalised finance                                 US$'m                             US$'m    US$'m
       leases                                                         US$'m US$'m
       Income received in
       Tax losses carried                      15       3           -     -               1           19
       forward
       Other                                   3        1           -     -               -           4
       Total deferred tax assets
       Offsetting of deferred tax liabilities  -        ( 17)       -     -               4 ( 13)

       Net deferred tax assets                 2        1           ( 2)  -               3           4
       Deferred taxation
       liabilities                             20       ( 12)       ( 2)  -               8           14
       Property, plant and
       equipment                               -                                                      13
       Intangible assets
       Receivables and other                   20                                                     27
       current assets
       Other                                   1        -           -     -               -           1
       Total deferred tax liabilities
                                               193      ( 14)       -     10              10          199
       Offsetting of deferred tax liabilities
                                               3        -           -     -               -           3
       Net deferred tax liabilities
                                               4        3           ( 7)  -               13          13

                                               201      ( 11)       ( 7)  10              23          216

                                               -                                                      13

                                               201                                                    229

Net deferred taxation                          ( 181)   ( 1)        5     ( 10)           ( 15) ( 202)

The ultimate outcome of additional taxation assessments may vary from the amounts accrued. However, management
believes that any additional taxation liability over and above the amounts accrued would not have a material adverse
impact on the group's income statement and statement of financial position.

87 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

21. DEFERRED TAXATION (continued)

       The group has tax losses carried forward of approximately US$3.6bn (2021: US$2.9bn) and unrecognised deferred tax
       assets on interest carried forward of US$224.7m. A summary of the tax losses carried forward at 31 March 2022 by tax
       jurisdiction and the expected expiry dates are set out below:

                         South                         Asia  Europe      Latin  Other   Total
                         Africa                      US$'m   US$'m   America    US$'m  US$'m
                         US$'m                                       and USA

                                                                       US$'m

Expires in year one      -                           4       23      20         -      47
Expires in year two
Expires in year three    -                           23      28      3          -      54
Expires in year four
Expires in year five     -                           31      30      3          -      64
Expires after year five
Non-expiring             -                           38      26      7          -      71

                         -                           31      35      -          -      66

                         -                           187     94      556        82     919

                         314                         -       2 024   10         -      2 348

                         314                         314     2 260   599        82     3 569

The group recognised a deferred income tax expense of US$nil (2021: US$nil) in other comprehensive income as a
result of changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments that relate to cash flow hedges of foreign currency
forecast transactions or firm commitments.

Net deferred taxation assets amount to US$30.8m (2021: US$27.1m), of which US$19.2m (2021: US$14.4m) are
expected to be utilised within the next 12 months and US$11.5m (2021: US$12.7m) after 12 months. Net deferred
taxation liabilities amount to US$244.2m (2021: US$229.3m), of which US$84.2m (2021: US$74.7m) are expected to be
settled within the next 12 months and US$159. (2021: US$154.6m) after 12 months.

The group has not recognised any deferred tax assets related to accumulated losses when the utilisation depends on
future taxable profits in excess of the profits arising from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, and
the relevant group entity from which the deferred tax asset would arise has suffered a loss in either the current or a
preceding period.

Temporary differences arise from the existence of undistributed profits of subsidiaries and changes in foreign
exchange rates on translation of the subsidiaries operations. No deferred tax liabilities is recognised for these
temporary differences because the group controls the timing of the reversal of temporary differences associated with
the investment by controlling the subsidiaries dividend policies.

88 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Operational performance (continued)

22. SEGMENT INFORMATION
       Accounting policy

       Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
       decision maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
       performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors that make strategic decisions.
       The group proportionately consolidates its share of the results of its associates and joint ventures in the various
       reportable segments. This is considered more reflective of the economic value of these investments.

       Operating segments are identified on the basis of internal reports about components of the group that are regularly
       reviewed by the chief operating decision maker (CODM) in order to allocate resources to the segments and to assess
       their performance. The CODM has been identified as the group's executive directors who make strategic decisions.

       The group proportionately consolidates its share of the results of its associated companies and joint ventures in its
       reportable segments. This is considered to provide additional information on the economic reality of these
       investments and corresponds to the manner in which the CODM assesses segmental performance.

       The group has identified its reportable segments based on its business by service or product. The operating segments
       are grouped into the following categories: ecommerce, social and internet platforms, media and corporate. Below are
       operating segments under each category:

       Ecommerce ­ the group operates internet platforms to provide various services and products. These platforms and
       communities offer ecommerce, communication, social networks, entertainment and mobile value-added services. The
       reportable operating segments within ecommerce include classifieds, payments and fintech, food delivery, etail,
       edtech and other ecommerce.

        Classifieds ­ the group operates a number of leading online classifieds platforms comprising general classifieds
             (such as OLX and letgo) and verticals (automotive and real estate verticals) in 19 core markets globally.

        Payments and Fintech ­ the group operates one of the largest mobile and online payment platforms in 20 high
             growth markets through PayU, an online payment services provider. This segment also Includes the group' s
             fintech and credit interests via associates and subsidiaries.

        Food Delivery ­ the group invests in leading global online food ordering and delivery platforms operating in
             regions including India, Africa, Latin America and across Europe, Asia and the Middle East through its investments
             in Delivery Hero, Swiggy and iFood.

        Edtech ­ comprises the group's investment in leading online educational technology platforms (such as Stack
             Overflow, Skillsoft and GoodHabitz). The group's operations are spread across the globe including the North
             America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and the Asia-Pacific region.

        Etail ­ comprises the group's etail subsidiaries (including eMAG and Takealot). The group's operations are spread
             across Central and Eastern Europe, South Africa and India.

        Other Ecommerce ­ this segment comprises the group's edtech, mobile and other content businesses. Also
             included are various corporate support functions for the ecommerce segment.

       Social and internet platforms ­ the group holds listed investments in social and internet platforms through Tencent,
       China's largest and most used internet services platform and Mail.ru, the leading internet company in Russian speaking
       markets.

       Media ­ through Media24 in Africa, the group publishes newspapers, magazines and books. Its activities also include
       printing and distribution.

        Corporate ­ this segment comprises entities providing various corporate functions and activities. These services
        include, but are not limited to, executive oversight, information management, legal, treasury, control and accounting,
        human resources, taxes and investor relations.
        Sales between the above segments are eliminated in the "Inter-segmental" column. The revenue from external parties
        and all other items of income, expenses, profits and losses reported in the segment report is measured in a manner
        consistent with that in the income statement.

89 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

22. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

       Adjusted EBITDA is a non-IFRS measure that represents operating profit/loss, as adjusted to exclude: (i) depreciation;
       (ii) amortisation; (iii) retention option expenses linked to business combinations; (iv) other losses/gains--net, which
       includes dividends received from investments, profits and losses on sale of assets, fair-value adjustments of financial
       instruments, impairment losses and gains or losses on settlement of liabilities, (v) cash-settled share-based
       compensation expenses deemed to arise from shareholder transactions by virtue of employment; and (vi) subsequent
       fair value remeasurement of cash-settled share-based compensation expenses, equity-settled share-based
       compensation expenses for group share option schemes as well as those deemed to arise on shareholder transactions
       (but not excluding share-based payment expenses for which the group has a cash cost on settlement with
       participants). It is considered a useful measure to analyse operational profitability.

       Trading profit/loss represents operating profit/loss, as adjusted to exclude: (i) amortisation of intangible assets
       recognised in business combinations and acquisitions, as these expenses are not considered operational in nature; (ii)
       retention option expenses linked to business combinations; (iii) other losses/gains--net, which includes dividends
       received from investments, profits and losses on sale of assets, fair-value adjustments of financial instruments,
       impairment losses and gains or losses on settlement of liabilities; (iv) cash-settled share-based compensation expenses
       deemed to arise from shareholder transactions by virtue of employment; and (v) subsequent fair value
       remeasurement of cash-settled share-based compensation expenses, equity-settled share-based compensation
       expenses for group share option schemes as well as those deemed to arise on shareholder transactions (but not
       excluding share-based payment expenses for which the group has a cash cost on settlement with participants).

       The revenues from external customers for each major group of products and services are disclosed in note 14. The
       group is not reliant on any one major customer as the group's products are consumed by the general public in a large
       number of countries.

                                                          Revenue
                                                   Year ended 31 March

                             US$'m    2022           US$'m     US$'m        2021           US$'m
                                         US$'m                                 US$'m
Ecommerce                  External                    Total   External                     Total
   - Classifieds            10 656         Inter-    10 656      6 849          Inter-     6 849
   - Food Delivery                   segmental                   1 609     segmental       1 609
   - Payments and Fintech    2 975                    2 975      1 486                     1 486
   - Edtech(1)               2 992              -     2 992        567                -
   - Etail                                      -                  115                -      577
   - Other(1)                   784             -       796      2 856                -      115
                                425           12        425        216              10     2 856
Social and Internet          3 086              -     3 086                           -      206
platforms                       394             -       382                           -
                                            ( 12)                                 ( 10)   22 526
   - Tencent                                                                              22 155
   - VK(2)                 25 794    -               25 794    22 526      -
Media                                                                                        371
Corporate                  25 261    -               25 261    22 155      -                 211
Inter-segment
Total economic interest    533       -               533       371         -                     -
Less: Equity-accounted                                                                           -
investments                257       -               257       211         -              29 586
Total consolidated
                           -         -               -                  -  -             (23 652)
                                                                                           5 934
                           ( 1)      -               ( 1)               -  -

                           36 706    -               36 706    29 586      -

                           (28 766)  -               (28 766)  (23 652)    -

                           7 940     -               7 940     5 934       -

(1) From 1 April 2021 the group created a new Edtech segment. The Edtech equity-accounted investments were presented in the "Other Ecommerce"
segment in prior periods and have been reclassified and presented as part of the new segment.

(2)During March 2022 the group lost its significant influence in VK. Accordingly, results will no longer be presented subsequent to March 2022.

90 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

22. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

                            US$'m US$'m US$'m US$'m US$'m US$'m                                      US$'m

Year ended                  Total      COPS         Adjusted     Deprecia-      Amorti-    Interest  Trading
31 March 2022                                       EBITDA(2)           tion  -sation of
                            revenue and SGA(1)                                software     on leases (loss)/profit(3)
Ecommerce                                               ( 877)       ( 210)
   - Classifieds            10 656 (11 533)                95          ( 56)        ( 18)  ( 15)     (1 120)
   - Food Delivery                                                     ( 67)         ( 7)
   - Payments and Fintech   2 975 (2 880)               ( 651)          ( 6)         ( 5)  ( 7)      25
   - Edtech(4)                                           ( 52)         ( 16)         ( 1)
                            2 992 (3 643)                                            ( 1)  ( 1)      ( 724)
                                                        ( 100)
                            796        ( 848)                                              ( 1)      ( 60)

                            425        ( 525)                                              -         ( 117)

- Etail                     3 086 (3 059)           27           ( 60)        ( 3)         ( 6)      ( 42)
- Other(4)
                            382        ( 578)       ( 196)       ( 5)         ( 1)         -         ( 202)

Social and Internet 25 794 (18 171) 7 623 (1 225)                             ( 42)        ( 37)     6 319
                                                                                                     6 273
pla-tfToernmcsent           25 261 (17 759) 7 502 (1 181)                     ( 16)        ( 32)
                                                                                                        46
- VK(5)                     533        ( 412)       121          ( 44)        ( 26)        ( 5)

Media                       257        ( 234)       23           ( 5)         -            ( 1)         17
Corporate                                                                                            ( 217)
Inter-segment               -          ( 209)       ( 209)       ( 6)         ( 1)         ( 1)
Total economic interest                                                                                   -
Less: Equity-accounted      ( 1)       1             -           -            -            -         4 999
investments
                            36 706 (30 146) 6 560 (1 446)                     ( 61)        ( 54)

                            (28 766) 21 782 (6 984) 1 308                     49           39        (5 588)

Total consolidated          7 940 (8 364)           ( 424)       ( 138)       ( 12)        ( 15)     ( 589)

                            US$'m US$'m US$'m US$'m US$'m US$'m                                      US$'m

Year ended                                                                    Amorti- Interest
31 March 2021
                               Total        COPS    Adjusted     Deprecia-    -sation of on finance  Trading
Ecommerce                   revenue    and SGA(1)   EBITDA(2)          tion
- Classifieds                                                                 software     leases (loss)/profit(3)
- Food Delivery               6 849       (7 110)       ( 261)       ( 143)
- Payments and Fintech        1 609       (1 535)           74         ( 47)  ( 19)        ( 16)     ( 439)
- Edtech(4)                   1 486       (1 799)                      ( 36)
- Etail                                                 ( 313)          ( 8)  ( 5)         ( 7)      15
- Other(4)                      577         ( 636)       ( 59)          ( 3)
Social and internet             115         ( 126)       ( 11)         ( 42)  ( 3)         ( 3)      ( 355)
p-laTtefnocremnst             2 856       (2 746)        110            ( 7)
- VK                            206         ( 268)       ( 62)                -            ( 1)      ( 68)
Media                        22 526      (15 297)                   (1 016)
Corporate                   22 155       (15 004)      7 229         ( 986)   -            -         ( 14)
Total economic interest         371         ( 293)     7 151           ( 30)
fLreosms: Equity-accounted      211         ( 213)                      ( 5)  ( 2)         ( 5)      61
investments                                 ( 146)         78           ( 5)
Total consolidated                  -    (22 766)          ( 2)               ( 9)         -         ( 78)
                             29 586                     ( 146)      (1 169)
                                                       6 820                  ( 30)        ( 29)     6 154

                                                                              ( 13)        ( 26)     6 126

                                                                              ( 17)        ( 3)      28

                                                                              -            ( 1)      ( 8)

                                                                              -            ( 1)      ( 152)

                                                                              ( 49)        ( 47)     5 555

                            (23 652) 16 749 (6 903) 1 059                     33           32        (5 779)

                            5 934 (6 017)           ( 83)        ( 110)       ( 16)        ( 15)     ( 224)

(1) Refers to cost of providing services and sale of goods as well as selling, general and administration expenses.
(2) Adjusted EBITDA is a non-IFRS measure that refers to earnings before the remeasurement of cash-settled share-based compensation expenses,
equity-settled share-based compensation expenses for Naspers group share option schemes, interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation. It is
considered a useful measure to analyse profitability by eliminating the effects of remeasurement of cash-settled share-based compensation expenses,
equity-settled share-based compensation expenses for group share option schemes, financing, tax, capital investment, depreciation and amortisation.
(3) Trading (loss)/ profit is a non-IFRS measure that refers to adjusted EBITDA adjusted for depreciation, amortisation of software and interest on
capitalised lease liabilities. It is considered a useful measure to analyse operational profitability.

(4) From 1 April 2021 the group created a new Edtech segment. The Edtech equity-accounted investments were presented in the "Other Ecommerce"
segment in prior periods and have been reclassified and presented as part of the new segment.

(5)During March 2022 the group lost its significant influence due in VK. Accordingly, results will no longer be presented subsequent to March 2022.

91 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

22. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      Additional disclosure

                                     Year ended 31 March 2022                                                  Year ended 31 March 2021

                                     US$'m                                                             US$'m   US$'m       US$'m

                                      Reversal of             Share of                                         Impairment   Share of
                                     Impairment/               equity-                                          of assets    equity-
                                     (Impairment)            accounted                                                     accounted
                                                               results                                                       results
                                       of assets

Ecommerce                                             143                                              ( 526)  ( 502)      (1 007)
- Classifieds                                             -                                             ( 70)   ( 64)         ( 44)
- Food Delivery
- Payments and Fintech                                390                                              ( 148)  ( 414)       ( 903)
- Edtech(1)                                               -                                             ( 23)       -         ( 15)
                                                                                                                    -          ( 4)
- Etail                                              ( 246)                                            ( 155)
- Other(1)
                                                     ( 1)                                              -       ( 1)                      -

                                                     -                                                 ( 130)  ( 23)       ( 41)

Social and Internet platforms        (1 459)                                                           9 779    ( 553)     8 102
- Tencent                            (1 453)                                                           9 863    ( 550)     8 156
- VK
Media                                    ( 6)                                                           ( 84)      ( 3)     ( 54)
Corporate                                   -                                                               2      ( 4)         1
Total reportable segments                   -                                                               -     ( 10)         -
Less: Equity-accounted                                                                                         (1 069)
                                     (1 316)                                                           9 255               7 096

investments(2)                       1 070                                                             -       986                       -

Total                                                ( 246)                                            9 255   ( 83)       7 096

(1) From 1 April 2021 the group created a new Edtech segment. The Edtech equity-accounted investments were presented in the "Other Ecommerce"
segment in prior periods and have been reclassified and presented as part of the new segment.

(2) All associates' and joint ventures' results are accounted for using the equity accounting method.

92 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

22. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

       Trading profit as presented in the segment disclosure is the CODM and management's measure of each segment's
       operational performance. A reconciliation of the segmental trading profit/(loss) to operating profit and profit before
       tax as reported in the income statement is provided below:

                                                                            31 March

                                                                             2022      2021
                                                                            US$'m     US$'m

Consolidated adjusted EBITDA(1)                                             (424)     ( 83)

Depreciation                                                                (138)     ( 110)
Amortisation of software                                                     (12)      ( 16)
Interest on capitalised lease liabilities                                    (15)      ( 15)

Trading loss(2)                                                             (589) ( 224)

Interest on capitalised finance leases                                        15         15
Amortisation of other intangible assets                                     (134)     ( 138)
Other gains/( losses) - net                                                 (156)     ( 103)
Retention option expense
Remeasurement of cash-settled share-based incentive expenses                   (3)     ( 74)
Share-based incentives for share options settled in Naspers Limited shares      1     ( 648)
                                                                             (28)
                                                                                       ( 17)

Operating loss per the income statement                                      ( 894)   (1 189)
  Interest income                                                                64      101
  Interest expense
  Other finance (costs)/income - net                                          (411)    ( 268)
  Share of equity-accounted results                                             (84)     207
  Impairment of equity-accounted investments
  Dilution gains on equity-accounted investments                             9 255     7 095
  Gains on partial disposal of equity-accounted investments                   (587)      ( 32)
  Net gains on acquisitions and disposals                                                981
                                                                                 95       19
                                                                            12 339       308
                                                                            (1 133)

Profit before taxation per the income statement                             18 644    7 222

(1) Adjusted EBITDA is a non-IFRS measure that refers to earnings before the remeasurement of cash-settled share-based compensation expenses,
equity-settled share-based compensation expenses for Naspers group share option schemes, interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation. It is
considered a useful measure to analyse profitability by eliminating the effects of remeasurement of cash-settled share-based compensation
expenses, equity-settled share-based compensation expenses for group share option schemes, financing, tax, capital investment, depreciation and
amortisation.

(2) Trading (loss)/ profit is a non-IFRS measure that refers to adjusted EBITDA adjusted for depreciation, amortisation of software and interest on
capitalised lease liabilities. It is considered a useful measure to analyse operational profitability.

93 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Operational performance (continued)

22. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
       Geographical information

       Revenue is allocated to a country based on the location of subscribers or users/customers. The group operates in five
       main geographical areas:

Africa - The group derives revenues from media activities, internet services (including payments and fintech and
classifieds services and products) and technology products and services.

Asia - The group's activities comprise its interest in internet activities based in China, India, Thailand and Singapore.

Europe - The group's activities comprise its interest in internet activities based in Central, Eastern and Western Europe
and Russia. Furthermore, the group generates revenue from technology products and services provided by subsidiaries
based in the Netherlands.

Latin America - The group's activities comprise its interest in internet activities based in Brazil and other Latin
American countries.

North America - The group's activities comprise its interest in internet activities based in United States of America and
other countries.

Other - Includes the group's provision of various products through internet and technology activities located mainly in
Australia.

                   31 March 2022                                                                               31 March 2021

                                                     External                                                                 External

                   External Proportionately                                                                    External Proportionately

                   Consolidated Consolidated                                                                   Consolidated Consolidated

                   Revenue                           Revenue(1)                                                Revenue        Revenue(1)

Geographical area  US$'m                             US$'m                                                     US$'m           US$'m
Africa             1 136                              1 148                                                      852             860
                   1 129                              1 141                                                      843             851
  South Africa                                                                                                      9               9
  Rest of Africa        7                                  7                                                     420
Asia                 701                             26 540                                                                   22 803
Europe(2)          3 621                                                                                       3 188           4 175
                                                      5 961

Central Europe     768                               780                                                         678             678
                                                                                                               2 029           2 030
Eastern Europe     2 111                             2 117
                                                                                                                  58             673
Western Europe     100                               1 889                                                       423             794
                                                                                                               1 266           1 317
Russia             642                               1 175                                                       205             363

Latin America      1 834                             1 919                                                          3              68
                                                                                                               5 934          29 586
North America      647                               1 036

Other              1                                 102

Total              7 940                             36 706

(1) Revenue includes the group's proportionate share of associates' and joint ventures' external revenue.

(2)Europe geographical area for the current and prior year has been disaggregated into the different regions.

94 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Earnings per share and equity

23. EARNINGS PER SHARE AND EQUITY
       Accounting policy

        Earnings per share
       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the group by the weighted
       average ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year excluding treasury shares.

        Diluted earnings per share adjust the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into
        account:
        The after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares;

             and
         The weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding assuming the

             conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
        The group discloses headline earnings per share as determined in accordance with Circular 1/2021, pursuant to the JSE
        Listings Requirements. Headline earnings represents net profit for the year attributable to the group's equity holders,
        excluding certain defined separately identifiable remeasurements relating to, among others, impairments of tangible
        assets, intangible assets (including goodwill) and equity-accounted investments, gains and losses on acquisitions and
        disposals of investments as well as assets, dilution gains and losses on equity-accounted investments, remeasurement
        gains and losses on disposal groups classified as held for sale and remeasurements included in equity-accounted
        earnings, net of related taxes (both current and deferred) and the related non-controlling interests. These
        remeasurements are determined in accordance with Circular 1/2021, headline earnings, as issued by the South African
        Institute of Chartered Accountants, at the request of the JSE Limited in relation to the calculation of headline earnings
        and disclosure of a detailed reconciliation of headline earnings to the earnings numbers used in the calculation of basic
        earnings per share in accordance with the requirements of IAS 33 ­ Earnings per Share, under the JSE Listings
        Requirements.
        Basic headline earnings per share are determined by dividing the headline earnings described above by the weighted
        average ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year excluding treasury shares. Diluted headline earnings per
        share are determined by dividing the diluted headline earnings by the weighted average number of additional ordinary
        shares that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
        In the event that the number of ordinary or potential ordinary shares outstanding increases as a result of a
        capitalisation without consideration, the calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share for the comparative
        period are adjusted retrospectively.
        Share capital and treasury shares
        Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options
        are shown in equity as a deduction against share premium.
        Where subsidiaries hold Naspers ordinary shares N, the consideration paid to acquire those shares, including
        attributable incremental costs, is deducted from shareholders' equity and presented separately as treasury shares.
        Such shares are held by the Prosus group or for the group's equity compensation plans. Where such shares are
        subsequently sold or reissued, the cost of those shares is released, and the realised gains or losses are recorded in
        equity. Shares issued to or held by share incentive plans within the group are treated as treasury shares until such time
        when participants pay for and take delivery of such shares.
        During the current year the group made a decision to show the treasury shares separately in the statement of changes
        in equity as well as on the face of statement of financial position. The group considers that the change in presentation
        will provide more relevant information about the treasury shares held by Prosus subsequent to the share repurchase
        program. Refer to note 4 for further details.

95 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Earnings per share and equity (continued)

23. EARNINGS PER SHARE (continued)

                                                                                             31 March 2022              Net
                                                                                                             Non-    US$'m

                                                                                                         control-
                                                                                                               ling

                                                                                  Gross Taxation interests
                                                                                 US$'m US$'m US$'m

Earnings                                                                                                             12 223
  Basic earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                          (230)
  Impact of dilutive instruments of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
  Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                      11 993

Headline adjustments(1)                                                          (15 656)    - 5 054 (10 602)
                                                                                     246
Adjustments for:                                                                       ( 4)  - ( 142)                104
  Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
  (Gain)/loss on sale of assets                                                    1 112     -  1                    ( 3)
  Losses/(gains) on loss of significant influence transactions                       ( 30)
  Gains on acquisitions and disposals of investments                                         - ( 641)                471
  Gains on partial disposal of equity-accounted investments                      (12 339)
  Dilution (gains)/losses on equity-accounted investments                            ( 95)   -  20                   ( 10)
  Remeasurements included in equity-accounted earnings(2)
                                                                                  (5 133)    - 3 308 (9 031)
  Impairment of equity-accounted investments
Basic headline earnings                                                              587     -  63                   ( 32)
Diluted headline earnings
                                                                                             - 2 782 (2 351)

                                                                                             - ( 337)                250

                                                                                                                     1 621
                                                                                                                     1 391

(1) Headline earnings represent net profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the group, excluding certain defined separately identifiable
remeasurements. The headline earnings measure is in pursuant of the JSE Listings Requirements.

(2) Remeasurements included in equity-accounted earnings include US$6.2bn (2021: US$1.1bn) relating to gains arising on acquisitions and disposals by
associates and US$1.1bn (2021: US$932.5m) relating to impairments of assets recognised by associates.

96 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Earnings per share and equity (continued)

23. EARNINGS PER SHARE (continued)

                                                                                Gross     31 March 2021             Net
                                                                               US$'m                     Non-    US$'m

                                                                                                      control-
                                                                                                           ling

                                                                                        Taxation interests
                                                                                          US$'m US$'m

Earnings                                                                                                         5 304
Basic earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                      ( 151)
Impact of dilutive instruments of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

Diluted earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                    5 153
Headline adjustments(1)

Adjustments for:                                                               (1 347) ( 173)   358 (1 162)

Impairment of property, plant and equipment and other assets                       11        -  -                11
Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets                                 72        -
Gains on acquisitions and disposals of investments                              ( 360)  ( 173)  ( 19)            53
Dilution gains on equity-accounted investments                                 (1 000)       -
Remeasurements included in equity-accounted earnings                            ( 102)       -  164 ( 369)
Impairment of equity-accounted investments                                         32        -
                                                                                                268 ( 732)

                                                                                                ( 47) ( 149)

                                                                                                ( 8)             24

Basic headline earnings                                                                                          4 142
Diluted headline earnings                                                                                        3 991

(1) Headline earnings represent net profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the group, excluding certain defined separately identifiable
remeasurements. The headline earnings measure is pursuant of the JSE Listing Requirements.

97 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Earnings per share and equity (continued)

23. EARNINGS PER SHARE (continued)

                                                                                               2022          2021
                                                                                        Number of     Number of

                                                                                             shares        shares

Number of ordinary shares in issue at year-end (excluding treasury shares)              215 454 129   418 334 828
Adjusted for movement in shares held by share trusts and share repurchase programme      74 322 479      8 488 386

Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year                     289 776 608   426 823 214
                                                                                             805 932     1 128 213
Adjusted for effect of future share-based payment transactions
                                                                                        290 582 540   427 951 427
Diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
                                                                                        4 218         1 243
Earnings per ordinary share (US cents) for the year (restated for prior year)           4 127         1 204
  Basic
  Diluted                                                                                 559           970
                                                                                          479           933
Headline earnings per ordinary share (US cents) for the year (restated for prior year)    132           116
  Basic                                                                                   662           580
  Diluted
                                                                                             -             -
Dividend paid per A ordinary share (SA cents)                                                -             -
Dividend paid per N ordinary share (SA cents)
Proposed dividend per A ordinary share (SA cents)
Proposed dividend per N ordinary share (SA cents)

Earnings per share information
The earnings per share information presented takes into account the impact of the cross-holding agreement with
Naspers as a result of the Prosus share exchange (as described in note 4 "Significant changes in financial position and
performance" during the reporting period) and the Prosus share repurchase (refer to note 4) in August 2021.

The group has in issue 435 511 058 N ordinary shares and 961 193 A ordinary shares as at 31 March 2022. The group
recognised 221 018 122 N ordinary shares as treasury shares which are the N ordinary shares held by Prosus and the
Naspers group share trusts.

The A ordinary shareholders are entitled to one voting right per share but carry one fifth of the economic rights of
Naspers N ordinary shareholders.

The number of shares in issue used in the earnings per share information is weighted for the period that the shares
were in issue and not recognised as treasury shares. As a result, the N ordinary shares held by Prosus are weighted for
the period they were in issue and not recognised as treasury shares between April and August 2021.

98 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Earnings per share and equity (continued)

24. SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM                             31 March

       Authorised                                          2022        2021
       1 250 000 A ordinary shares of R20 each            US$'m       US$'m
       500 000 000 N ordinary shares of 2 SA cents each
                                                          2           2
       Issued
       961 193 A ordinary shares (2021: 961 193)          2           2
       435 511 058 N ordinary shares (2021: 435 511 058)
       Share premium                                      4-          4-

       Cumulative effect of treasury shares(1)                    2         2
                                                                  2         2
                                                                  4-        4-
                                                            4 607      4 607

                                                            4 611      4 611

                                                          (43 753)    (3 679)

                                                          (39 142)    932

(1) Refers to the cumulative net effect of treasury shares held at cost as a result of the Prosus share exchange and for the settlement of equity
compensation plans.

Share repurchase programme
Prosus acquired a total of 15 992 042 Naspers ordinary shares N as part of the share purchase programme announced
in October 2020. A total of 10 568 947 Naspers ordinary shares N for US$2.4bn were acquired during the year ended
31 March 2021 and a further 5 423 095 Naspers ordinary shares N for US$1.2bn were acquired between April and June
2021. The total purchase consideration for the repurchase programme was US$3.6bn. The shares are held by Prosus
and are included in the 49.5% fully diluted investment in Naspers and are recognised as treasury shares.

Treasury shares
The group holds a total of 221 018 122 ordinary shares N (2021:18 137 423), or 50.6% (2021: 4.2%), of the gross
number of ordinary shares N in issue at 31 March 2022 as treasury shares. Equity compensation plans hold 2 915 897
(2021: 2 866 670) of the ordinary shares and the remaining 218 102 225 (2021: 15 270 753) ordinary shares N are held
by various group companies.

Voting and dividend rights
The company's issued share capital at 31 March 2022 consisted of 961 193 A ordinary shares and 435 511 058 ordinary
shares N. The ordinary shares N are listed on the JSE, the A2X Exchange and has an ADR listing in the United States
over-the-counter market. The group cancelled its listing of the of its American Depositary Shares ("ADSs") on the
London stock exchange (LSE) in January 2022. The ordinary shares N on a poll carry one vote per share. The A ordinary
shares are not listed on a stock exchange and on a poll carry 1 000 votes per share.

In terms of the Naspers memorandum of incorporation, both N and A ordinary shareholders are entitled to dividends.
However, the dividends declared to A ordinary shareholders are equal to one-fifth of the dividends to which N ordinary
shareholders are entitled.

99 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Earnings per share and equity (continued)

24. SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (continued)
       Voting and dividend rights (continued)
       Naspers Limited, through Heemstede Beleggings Proprietary Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, holds
       49% of Naspers Beleggings (RF) Limited. Naspers Beleggings (RF) Limited, in turn, holds 472 411 (2021: 472 411)
       A ordinary shares (49.15% of the total A ordinary shares in issue), which carry approximately 33.82% of the total voting
       rights in respect of the company's ordinary shares. Keeromstraat 30 Beleggings (RF) Limited holds 296 058
       (2021: 296 058) A ordinary shares (30.8% of the total A ordinary shares in issue), which represents 21.20% of the total
       voting rights in respect of the company's ordinary shares. Some of the company's directors are on the boards of
       Keeromstraat Beleggings (RF) Limited and Naspers Beleggings (RF) Limited, but do not represent the majority of board
       members. Each of these boards operates independently. Naspers Beleggings (RF) Limited and Keeromstraat Beleggings
       (RF) Limited collectively hold 55.02% of the voting rights in respect of the company, exercise their voting rights in
       consultation with one another in terms of a voting pool agreement and constitute the control structure of Naspers
       Limited. If they vote together, they can vote the majority of the total voting rights in the company, including in respect
       of any takeover offer. Under the voting pool agreement, if Naspers Beleggings (RF) Limited and Keeromstraat
       Beleggings (RF) Limited cannot agree on how to vote then they are required to vote against resolutions that would
       materially change the control, directorate or senior management of Naspers or the nature, scope or size of Naspers's
       businesses.
       If the company is liquidated, holders of A ordinary shares will be paid the nominal value of such shares before any
       payment is made to holders of N ordinary shares. This amounted to approximately R19 223 860 as at 31 March 2022
       (2021: R19 223 860).
       Unissued share capital
       The directors of the company have unrestricted authority, until the next annual general meeting, to allot and issue the
       unissued 288 807 A ordinary shares and 64 488 942 N ordinary shares of the company. This authority was granted
       subject to the provisions of the Companies Act No 71 of 2008, the JSE Limited Listings Requirements and any other
       exchange on which the shares of the company may be quoted or listed from time to time.

100 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Earnings per share and equity (continued)

24. SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (continued)

                                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                                           Number of        Number of

                                                                                                                shares           shares

Movement in ordinary shares in issue during the year                                                       436 472 251      436 472 251
Ordinary shares in issue at 1 April                                                                                      -                -
N ordinary shares issued                                                                                                 -                -
A ordinary shares issued

Shares in issue at 31 March                                                                                436 472 251 436 472 251

Movement in ordinary shares held as treasury shares during the year                                         18 137 423       7 533 095
Shares held as treasury shares at 1 April                                                                  202 831 472      10 568 947
Shares held by Prosus N.V.(1)
Shares bought by/sold from trust on market                                                                      185 848        268 737
Shares acquired by participants from equity compensation plans                                                ( 136 621)     ( 233 356)

Shares held as treasury shares at 31 March                                                                 221 018 122 18 137 423

Net number of ordinary shares in issue at 31 March                                                         215 454 129 418 334 828

(1) Naspers shares held by Prosus N.V. as a result of the Prosus share exchange and repurchase programme.

                                                                                                             31 March        2021
                                                                                                            2022            US$'m
                                                                                                           US$'m

Share premium                                                                                              4 607            4 607
Balance at 1 April                                                                                         4 607            4 607

Balance at 31 March

Capital management
The group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, so that it can
continue to provide adequate returns to shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders by pricing products and
services commensurately with the level of risk.

The group relies upon distributions, including dividends, from its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures to generate
the funds necessary to meet the obligations and other cash flow requirements of the combined group. The operations
of the group have historically been funded in a number of ways, including both debt and equity financing. Recent
acquisitions were primarily funded through debt financing. The group's businesses are beginning to scale and
accordingly, they are expected to become cash generative and able to sustain their operating capital requirements.
The group received US$570.7m (2021: US$458.2m) in dividends from Tencent during the year and US$565.4m
(2021: US$571.1m) after the year-end ­ an increase of 25% compared to the 2021 financial year.

101 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Earnings per share and equity (continued)

24. SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (CONTINUED)
       Capital management (continued)

The group's general business strategy is to acquire developing businesses and to provide funding to meet the cash
needs of those businesses until they can, within a reasonable period of time, become self-funding. Funding is provided
through a combination of loans and share capital, depending on the country-specific regulatory requirements. From a
subsidiary's perspective, intergroup loan funding is generally considered to be part of the capital structure. The focus
on increased profitability and cash flow generation will continue into the foreseeable future, although the group will
continue to actively evaluate potential growth opportunities within its areas of expertise.

The group will also grow its business in the future by making equity investments in growth companies. The group
anticipates that it may fund future acquisitions and investments through the issue of debt and equity instruments and
utilisation of available cash resources.

The group follows a risk-based approach to the determination of the optimal capital structure. The group manages the
capital structure and makes adjustments to it in the light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics
of the underlying assets. In order to maintain or modify the capital structure, the group may adjust the amount of
dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

Below is a summary of the group bonds in issue for the year ended 31 March 2022:

                                         Year of                                                              31 March

Currency of year end                     final                                           Fixed    Interest    2022      2021
                balance Listing date(1)                                                         payments
                                         repayment interest rate                                              US$'m     US$'m

US$  Jul 2017                            2025                                            5.50%  semi-annual      225    1 200
                                         2027                                            4.85%  semi-annual      614    1 000
US$  Jul 2017                            2030                                            3.68%  semi-annual    1 250    1 250
                                         2028                                            1.54%                   941
US$  Jan 2020                            2032                                            2.03%        annual     830      998
                                         2050                                            4.03%        annual   1 000      879
Eur Aug 2020                             2051                                            3.83%  semi-annual    1 500    1 000
                                         2031                                            3.06%  semi-annual    1 850    1 500
Eur Aug 2020                             2033                                            1.99%  Semi-annual      941
                                         2029                                            1.29%        Annual   1 107         -
US$ Aug 2020                             2052                                            4.99%        Annual   1 250         -
                                         2032                                            4.19%  Semi-annual    1 000         -
US$ Dec 2020                             2027                                            3.26%  Semi-annual    1 000         -
                                         2034                                            2.78%  Semi-annual      719         -
US$  Jul 2021                            2030                                            2.09%        Annual     664         -
                                         2026                                            1.21%        Annual     553         -
Eur  Jul 2021                                                                                         Annual                 -
                                                                                                              15 444         -
Eur  Jul 2021
                                                                                                                        7 827
US$  Jan 2022

US$  Jan 2022

Eur  Jan 2022

Eur  Jan 2022

Eur  Jan 2022

Eur  Jan 2022

(1) The publicly traded bonds are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin).

102 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Earnings per share and equity (continued)

24. SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (continued)
       Capital management (continued)

        Bonds issued during the year ended 31 March 2022
        In January 2022 the group issued US$ and Eur notes in an aggregate principal amount totalling US$5.25bn equivalent
        under its Global Medium-Term Note Programme. These issuances consist of US$1.25bn 4.987% notes due 2052,
        US$1.0bn 4.193% note due 2032, US$1.0bn 3.257% note due 2027, Eur650m 2.778% notes due 2034, Eur600m 2.085%
        notes due 2030 and Eur500m 1.207% notes due 2026 (the "Bonds").
        In July 2021 the group issued US$ and Eur notes in an aggregate principal amount totalling US$4.0bn equivalent under
        its Global Medium-Term Note Programme. These issuances consist of US$1.85bn 3.061% notes due 2031, Eur1.0bn
        1.288% notes due 2029 and Eur850m 1.985% notes due 2033 (the "Bonds").
        The favourable market backdrop enabled Prosus to extend its debt maturity profile as part of a refinancing of its
        existing debt. The purpose of the offerings was to raise proceeds for general corporate purposes, including debt
        refinancing, which took the form of a tender offer made in relation to its bonds maturing in 2025 and 2027.
        Part of the proceeds from the bond issuance was used to partly settle these two bonds. The 2025 bond consisted of
        US$1.2bn 5.5% notes and the 2027 bond consisted of US$1bn 4.85% notes. The early settlement of these bonds
        consisted of repayments of principal, accrued interest and present value of the related future interest coupon
        payments at date of settlement. The group settled US$975m bond notes due in 2025 and US$386m bond notes due in
        2027 for a total combined consideration of US$1.6bn. The difference between the market value of the future
        contractual payments and the carrying value of the note at amortised cost, of US$217.0m (representing the market
        value premium) was recognised in "other finance (costs)/income -net" in the income statement and as part of
        "Repayments of long- and short-term loans" in the cash flow statement.
        Bonds issued during the year ended 31 March 2021
       In August 2020, the group issued bonds totalling US$2.18bn. These bonds consist of 30-year US$1.00bn notes due in
       2050, eight-year Eur500m notes due in 2028, and 12-year Eur500m notes due in 2032.
       In December 2020 the group issued bonds totalling US$2.23bn. These bonds consist of 30-year US$1.50bn due in 2051,
       a tap of Eur350m due in 2028, and a tap of Eur250m of its existing notes due in 2032. The 2028 notes were offered at
       an issue price yield of 1.211% and will be treated as a single class of the group's existing Eur500m 1.539% senior notes
       due 2028. The 2032 notes were offered at an issue price yield of 1.742% and will be treated as a single class of the
       group's existing Eur500m 2.031% senior notes due 2032.
       The current favourable market backdrop enabled the group to further enhance its average debt maturity profile while
       reducing its average cost of funding. The purpose of this offering was to raise proceeds for general corporate
       purposes, including potential future M&A activity, and to further augment the group's liquidity position.

103 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Earnings per share and equity (continued)

24. SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (continued)
       Capital management (continued)

        Undrawn revolving credit facility
       The group has a total undrawn revolving credit facility (RCF) of US$2.7bn. US$2.5bn of the RCF bears interest at one-
       month US LIBOR plus 1.25%, before commitment and utilisation fees of which US$2.33bn matures in April 2025 and
       US$0.17bn in April 2023. The remaining US$273.8m of the RCF is denominated in South African rand (R4.0bn) and
       bears interest at 3-month JIBAR plus 1.55%, before commitment and utilisation fees.
       The borrower under the bonds and the undrawn US$2.5bn (2021: undrawn balance of US$2.5bn) RCF is Prosus N.V.
       The undrawn revolving credit facility (RCF) of US$2.5bn which matures in March 2027 with the option of 2 extensions
       of 1 year each. The RCF is undrawn and is denominated in US dollar and Euro and bear interest at a secured overnight
       financing rate (SOFR) plus a variable mark-up based on credit rating varying between 0.65% and 1.10% before
       commitment and utilisation fees. The borrower under the undrawn US$273.8m (2021: undrawn balance of nil) RCF is
       Naspers Limited. Prosus N.V. is obligated to pay a commitment fee equal to 35% of the applicable margin under the
       RCF. Refer to the group's unutilised banking facilities disclosed in note 41.
       The undrawn balance of the RCF is available to fund future investments and development expenditure by the group as
       part of its growth strategy. The group has specific financial covenants in place to govern its RCF, all of which were
       complied with during the reporting period. These financial covenants are linked to various financial metrics including
       the ratio of the group's debt to the value of its investment portfolio.
        Net interest-bearing debt-to-equity ratio
       As of 31 March 2022, the group had total interest-bearing debt (including capitalised lease liabilities) of US$16.05bn
       (2021: US$8.19bn) and net cash balance including short-term cash investments of US$13.64bn (2021: US$5.19bn). The
       net interest-bearing debt-to-equity ratio was 5% at 31 March 2022 and 8% at 31 March 2021 due to the group's cash
       position and accumulated equity reserves. The group excludes capitalised lease liabilities from total interest-bearing
       debt when evaluating and managing capital. These items are considered to be operating in nature. The adjusted total
       interest-bearing debt (excluding capitalised lease liabilities) was US$15.70bn (2021: US$7.89bn) and the adjusted net
       interest-bearing debt-to-equity ratio was 4% at 31 March 2022 (2021: 7%). The group does not have a formally
       targeted debt-equity ratio.
       The group's listed bonds are rated by Moody's and Standard & Poor's (S&P) as Baa3 and BBB and have a stable and
       positive outlook respectively.

104 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Earnings per share and equity (continued)

25. OTHER RESERVES                                                      31 March

       Other reserves in the statement of financial position comprise:   2022      2021
       Foreign currency translation reserve                             US$'m     US$'m
       Valuation reserve
       Existing control business combination reserve                    (1 430)  (1 841)
       Share-based compensation reserve                                  3 002    5 044
                                                                        10 420   (9 346)
                                                                         2 811    2 390
                                                                        14 803   (3 753)

Foreign currency translation reserve
The foreign currency translation reserve relates to exchange differences arising on the translation of foreign
operations' income statements and statements of comprehensive income at average exchange rates for the year and
their statements of financial position at the ruling exchange rates at the reporting date if the functional currency
differs from the group's presentation currency. The movement on the foreign currency translation reserve for the year
relates primarily to the effects of foreign exchange rate fluctuations related to the group's net investments in its
subsidiaries.

Valuation reserve
The valuation reserve relates to fair-value changes in financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income, differences between the fair value and the contractually stipulated value of shares issued in business
combinations and other acquisitions. Furthermore, the valuation reserve includes the group's share of equity-
accounted investees' revaluations of their financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other
changes in net asset value of the equity-accounted investees. Other changes in net assets of the associate and joint
ventures include changes in their share-based compensation reserve, transactions with non-controlling shareholders
and other direct equity movements. The components of the valuation reserve may subsequently be reclassified to
profit or loss except for fair value gains or loss relating to the group's financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income, fair value gains or losses from equity accounted investments' financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive income and other direct reserve movements of equity-accounted investments.

Share-based compensation reserve
The grant date fair value of share incentives issued to employees in equity-settled share-based payment transactions is
accounted for in the share-based compensation reserve over the vesting period, if any. The reserve is adjusted at each
reporting period when the entity revises its estimates of the number of share incentives that are expected to vest. The
impact of revisions of original estimates, if any, is recognised in the income statement, with a corresponding
adjustment to this reserve in equity. Upon settlement of share-based compensation benefits, the reserve is reclassified
to retained earnings.

A significant proportion of the group's foreign currency translation, valuation and share-based compensation reserves
relates to the group's interests in its equity-accounted investments, particularly Tencent.

Existing control business combination reserve (BCR)
The existing control business combination reserve is used to account for transactions with non-controlling
shareholders, whereby the excess of the cost of the transactions over the acquirer's proportionate share of the net
asset value acquired/sold is allocated to this reserve in equity. Written put option liabilities and other obligations that
may require the group to purchase its own equity instruments by delivering cash or another financial asset are also
initially recognised from this reserve. Similarly, written put option liabilities and other similar obligations are
reclassified to this reserve in the event of cancellation or expiry.

105 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Earnings per share and equity (continued)

25. OTHER RESERVES (continued)

        Below is a summary of the group's significant transactions with non-controlling shareholders during the year:

                                      31 March 2022                    31 March 2021

                                      Shareholding Purchase            Shareholding Purchase

                                      acquired/  Price       BCR       acquired/  Price                                   BCR
                                                                                                                       US$'m
                                      disposed US$'m         US$'m     disposed US$'m
                                                                                                                       ( 136)
Movile Mobile Commerce Holdings S.L   0.68%           43     ( 4)      11.33%     190                                       1
Frontier Car Group Inc                9.30%
                                                      61     ( 59)     6.33%      34

Zoop S.A.                             20.12%          24     ( 32)     -          -                                      -

Letgo Global B.V.                     -               -      -         20.06%     32                                   ( 25)

Silver Indonesia JVCo B.V.(1)               -         -             -  34.22%        54                                 ( 37)
MIH Internet Sea Pte Ltd(1)                 -         -             -   8.71%        89                                ( 114)
Prosus N.V.                           1.19%      4 996       (2 370)    0.56%     1 415                                ( 817)
Takealot                              3.01%        127          ( 59)         -
Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited        -         -             -                  -                                    -
                                                                       15.00%        16                                 ( 30)

Closing balance                                  5 251 (2 524)                    1 830 (1 158)

(1) Purchase price for these transactions includes non-cash consideration paid to non-controlling shareholders.

Refer to note 4 for details of the share exchange transaction. US$21.8bn was recognised in the "existing business
combination reserve" for the Prosus group.

26. RETAINED EARNINGS

        A dividend will be paid in relation to the Naspers N ordinary shares and A ordinary shares from the amount that
        Naspers receives from Prosus as a terminal economics distribution under the cross-holding agreement between
        Naspers and Prosus as referred to in the Prosus results announcement dated 27 June 2022.

106 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Financial assets and liabilities

      FINANCIAL ASSETS
       Accounting policy

        Classification, initial recognition and measurement
        Financial assets are initially recognised when the group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the
        instrument.
        On initial recognition, financial assets are classified as financial assets measured at amortised cost, fair value through
        other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss. The classification is based on the objectives of the
        business model within which the financial asset is held and the characteristics of its contractual cash flows.
        The group assesses the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held based on all relevant evidence
        that is available at the date of assessment including how the performance of the financial asset is evaluated and
        reported to management and the risks affecting the performance of the financial asset as well as how those risks are
        managed.
        In evaluating the contractual cash flows of a financial asset, the group considers its contractual terms, including
        assessing whether the financial asset is subject to contractual terms that change (or could potentially change) the
        timing or amount of associated future cash flows.
        A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to
        collect contractual cash flows and its contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest on the
        amount outstanding. In making this assessment, the group considers the effect of terms (including conversion,
        prepayment and extension features) that may affect the timing and/or amounts of cash flows.
        Financial assets classified as at amortised cost include trade and other receivables, related party receivables and cash
        and cash equivalents.
        On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the group may irrevocably elect to present
        subsequent changes in the fair value of such investments in other comprehensive income. This election is made on an
        investment-by-investment basis. These investments are classified as financial assets at fair value through other
        comprehensive income. The group has classified all equity investments that do not represent investments in
        subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures in this category.
        All financial assets not classified as at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income are
        measured at fair value through profit or loss. This includes derivative financial assets other than those forming part of
        effective hedging relationships to which hedge accounting is applied. A financial asset is classified in this category at
        initial recognition if it is acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the short term, if it forms part of a portfolio of
        financial assets in which there is evidence of short-term profit making, or, if it is designated in this category to
        eliminate or significantly reduce an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.
        Purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, which is the date that the group commits to
        purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets (excluding trade receivables that are not subject to a significant financing
        component) are initially measured at fair value plus, for an instrument not at fair value through profit or loss,
        transaction costs directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. Trade receivables that are not subject to significant
        financing components are initially measured at the relevant transaction prices.
        Financial assets are presented as non-current assets, except for those with maturities within 12 months from the
        statement of financial position date, which are classified as current assets.

107 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Financial assets and liabilities

       FINANCIAL ASSETS (continued)
       Accounting policy (continued)
        Classification, initial recognition and measurement (continued)
        Subsequent measurement
       Amortised cost financial assets are subsequently measured using the effective interest method, reduced by relevant
       impairment allowances. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment losses on amortised cost
       financial assets are recognised in the income statement.
       Changes in the fair value of equity investments classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
       income are recognised in other comprehensive income and are accumulated in the valuation reserve in the statement
       of changes in equity. Dividends received on equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income are
       recognised in the income statement. On derecognition of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
       income, fair value changes accumulated in the valuation reserve are transferred to retained earnings.
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are subsequently carried at fair value with changes in fair value
       included in "other (losses)/gains- net" in the income statement.
       Refer to note 42 for the group's fair-value measurement methodology regarding financial assets.
       Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or where
       they have been transferred and the group has also transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership.
       Financial assets are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position when there is a legally
       enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to realise the asset and settle a related
       financial liability simultaneously.
        Impairment
       The group recognises expected credit losses (impairment allowances) on financial assets measured at amortised cost
       and accrued income balances. The group assesses, on a forward-looking basis, the impairment allowances associated
       with these financial assets and makes use of provision matrices relevant to its various operations in establishing
       impairment allowances, specifically for trade receivables.
       For "trade and other receivables, including accrued income balances, the group measures impairment allowances at an
       amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses on these financial assets. Lifetime expected credit losses are those
       losses that result from all possible default events over the expected life of the financial instrument.
        For related party loans and receivables, the impairment loss allowance is based on a general expected credit loss
        model. The measurement of the impairment loss allowance on these loans and receivables is based on the assessment
        of whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.
       The group considers a financial asset to be in default when the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full
       or the outstanding amount exceeds its contractual payment terms.
       At each reporting date the group assesses whether financial assets at amortised cost and/or accrued income balances
       are credit impaired. Financial assets are considered credit impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental
       impact on expected future cash flows have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit impaired includes but not
       limited to significant financial difficulty experienced by the borrower, a breach of contract such as defaulting on
       contractually due repayments or the probability of the borrower entering bankruptcy.

108 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial assets and liabilities

FINANCIAL ASSETS (continued)
Accounting policy (continued)
Impairment (continued)
Impairment allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost and accrued income balances are recognised in
the income statement and in an impairment allowance account. The gross carrying amount of the financial asset is
reduced by the impairment loss allowance and is written off when the group has no reasonable expectation of
recovering the financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof.

Refer to note 41 for further details regarding the group's credit risk management.

27. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

       Accounting policy
       Cash and cash equivalents are carried in the statement of financial position at amortised cost (other than money
       market funds) which equals the cost or face value of the asset. Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
       deposits held at call with banks. Certain cash balances are restricted from immediate use according to terms with
       banks or other financial institutions. For purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents are
       presented net of bank overdrafts.

Cash and cash equivalents include money market funds at fair value through profit or loss. These funds have a maturity
of three months or less, are highly liquid and include cashflows which are not solely payments of principal and interest
as well as subject to insignificant changes in value.

                                                                                            31 March

                                                                                             2022                 2021
                                                                                            US$'m                US$'m

Cash at bank and on hand                                                                    1 453                1 301
Short-term bank deposits(1)                                                                 8 280                2 457

Bank overdrafts and call loans                                                               ( 18)                  ( 9)

                                                                                            9 715                3 749

Restricted cash                                                                             104                             -
The following cash balances are restricted from immediate use according to agreements with
banks and other financial institutions:                                                     339                  295
Classifieds
Payments and Fintech                                                                        27                   25
Etail
Other Ecommerce                                                                             44                   16

Total restricted cash                                                                       514                  336

(1) Included in short-term bank deposits is an amount of US$927.8m (2021: US$996.2m) which represents money-
market investments held with major banking groups and high-quality institutions that have AAA money market fund
credit ratings from internationally recognised rating agencies.

Restricted cash is included in cash and cash equivalents due to the fact that it mostly relates to cash held on
behalf of customers as well as cash held by the group's Russian operations.

109 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

28. SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS
       Accounting policy

       Short-term investments are cash investments with maturities of more than three months from the date of acquisition.
       On initial recognition, short-term investments are recognised at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs
       and are subsequently measured at amortised cost.

       The group holds investments in money-market investments and fixed deposits. The carrying values of these
       investments as at 31 March are shown below:

                                                                     31 March

                                                         Weighted     2022      2021
                                                           average   US$'m     US$'m

                                                      interest rate

Deposits and money-market investments                 0.44%          3 921     1 209
Fixed deposits                                         3.8%               -      226
Accrued interest income                                                   3         4

Total short-term investments                                         3 924     1 439

The deposits and money-market investments of US$3.92bn (2021: US$1.21bn) are mostly denominated in US dollar
and fixed deposits of US$ nil (2021: US$226.4m) are denominated in South African rand.

The above investments have maturity dates (from the date of acquisition) of between three and 12 months and
have accordingly not been disclosed as part of cash and cash equivalents.

Short-term investments are classified as financial assets at amortised cost. Due to their short-term nature, the
carrying values of these investments are considered to be a reasonable approximation of their fair values. None of
the group's short-term investments were past due or subject to significant impairment allowances as at 31 March
2022.

Most short-term investments are held in the same currency as the respective entity's functional currency. However,
there are certain money-market investments held in euros by entities with US dollar functional currencies which
give rise to foreign currency risk. Due to the nature of short-term investments, there is an insignificant exposure to
price risk.

Refer to note 41 for further information regarding the credit risk and foreign currency risk of short-term
investments.

110 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

29. INVESTMENTS AND LOANS                                                                                    31 March

       Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                           2022      2021
       Investments at fair value through profit or loss                                                      US$'m     US$'m
       Investments at amortised cost
       Other investments and loans                                                                           5 540     1 608
       Total investments and loans                                                                              64     1 258
       Current portion of other investments                                                                       -
                                                                                                                  2       11
          Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                      2
          Investments at fair value through profit or loss(1)
          Investments at amortised cost                                                                      5 606      2 879
       Non-current portion of other investments                                                                   -    (1 258)
                                                                                                                  -
         (1) Represents the contractual right to receive the Delivery Hero shares or cash. Refer to note 6.       -        ( 5)
                                                                                                                  -    (1 242)

                                                                                                             5 606        ( 11)
                                                                                                                        1 621
                                                                                                                  -
                                                                                                                              -

Reconciliation of investments at fair value through other comprehensive income

                                                                                                             31 March

                                                                                                             2022      2021

                                                                                                             US$'m US$'m

Opening balance                                                                                              1 608     804

Fair value adjustments recognised in OCI                                                                     ( 509)    555
Purchases/additional contributions(1)
                                                                                                             4 423     302

Loss of significant influence of an investment in associate                                                  26        -

Disposals                                                                                                    ( 51)     ( 49)

Foreign currency translation effects                                                                         43        ( 4)

Closing balance                                                                                              5 540     1 608

(1) Significant movement in the current year relates to the dividend in specie received from Tencent in the form of
JD.com shares. Refer to note 6.

111 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

29. INVESTMENTS AND LOANS (continued)
       Significant equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income

       Significant equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income include the following:

                                                                                                                                            31 March
                                                                                                                                            Fair value

                                                       2022                                                                                         2021
                                                      US$'m                                                                                        US$'m

Listed investments                                                                                                                          3 940            -
JD.com (1)
                                                                                                                                              694       1 189
Trip.com Group Limited                                                                                                                        105         270
Sinch AB(2)                                                                                                                                                18
Other                                                                                                                                          28

Unlisted investments                                                                                                                        4 767       1 477
GoStudent(3)
Urbanclap Technologies(3)                                                                                                                     226            -
Wolt Enterprises Oy(4)                                                                                                                         84            -
Creditas Financial Solutions Limited                                                                                                           70          70
Primrose Hill (Zest money)(5)                                                                                                                  62          30
Sandbox(3)                                                                                                                                     38            -
Pantera Venture Funds                                                                                                                          33            -
WayFlyer(3)                                                                                                                                    26          10
Mensa Brand Technologies(3)                                                                                                                    25            -
Other                                                                                                                                          25            -
                                                                                                                                                           21
                                                                                                                                              184

                                                                                                                                            773         131

Total                                                                                                                                       5 540 1 608

(1)The group obtained its interest in JD.com as part of the proceeds from a distribution in specie declared from Tencent. Refer to note 6.
(2) The group acquired its interest in Sinch AB as part of the proceeds on disposal of Wavy during the prior year. Refer to note 6.
(3) The group acquired these investments during the current year.
(4)The group acquired Wolt Enterprises Oy during the prior year.
(5) The group lost significant influence during the current year.

Fair value gains or losses on investments held at fair value through other comprehensive income are not reclassified to
the income statement. These investments are not held for trading.

112 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

30. TRADE RECEIVABLES                                                                             31 March

       Carrying value                                                                              2022      2021
       Trade accounts receivable, gross                                                           US$'m     US$'m
       Less: Allowance for impairment of trade receivables
                                                                                                  350       218

                                                                                                  (32)      ( 33)

                                                                                                  318       185

The movement in the allowance for impairment of trade receivables during the year was as          (33)      ( 27)
follows:
                                                                                                  (22)      ( 16)
Opening balance
Additional allowances charged to income statement                                                 17        5
Allowances reversed through the income statement
Allowances utilised                                                                               6         4
Acquisition of subsidiaries
Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                          -         ( 2)

Closing balance                                                                                   -         3

                                                                                                  (32)      ( 33)

The group's maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of the trade receivables
mentioned above. The group does not hold any form of collateral as security relating to trade receivables. Refer to
note 41 for the group's credit risk management.

At 31 March 2022 and 2021, the total allowance for impairment of trade receivables comprised both portfolio
allowances and specific allowances. The majority of the allowance related to a portfolio allowance, which cannot be
identified with specific receivables.

The group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses for its trade receivables. The expected credit loss
assessment took into account all reasonable and supportable information about the likelihood that counterparties
would breach their agreed payment terms and any deterioration of their credit ratings. Where relevant, additional
expected credit losses were accounted for when deemed necessary. Overall, the expected credit loss allowance did
not have a material impact on the group's trade receivables for the year ended 31 March 2022.

The ageing of trade receivables as well as the amount of the impairment allowance per age class is presented below:

                                                            31 March 2022                 31 March 2021

                                                            Carrying  Impair- Expected  Carrying  Impair- Expected
                                                               value                       value
                                                              US$'m   ment   loss         US$'m   ment      loss

                                                                      US$'m  rate                 US$'m     rate

Current                                                     247       (2)    1%         152       ( 2)      1%
Past due 30 to 59 days
Past due 60 to 89 days                                      61        (5)    8%         21        ( 3)      14%
Past due 90 to 119 days
Past due 120 days and older                                 6         (1)    17%          9       ( 2)      22%

                                                            6         (1)    17%          5       ( 2)      40%

                                                            30        (23)   77%        31        ( 24)     77%

                                                            350       (32)              218       ( 33)

113 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

      FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
       Accounting policy

       Financial liabilities are recognised when the group becomes party to the contractual provisions of the relevant
       instrument. The group classifies financial liabilities at amortised cost or at fair value through profit or loss.
       Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest
       expense and foreign exchange gains and losses on these financial liabilities are recognised in the income statement.
       Other financial liabilities comprise primarily trade and other payables, borrowings and written put option liabilities.
       These financial liabilities are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs.
       Written put option liabilities represent contracts that impose (or may potentially impose) an obligation on the group to
       purchase its own equity instruments (including the shares of a subsidiary) for cash or another financial asset. Written
       put option liabilities are initially raised from the "Existing control business combination reserve" in equity at the
       present value of the expected redemption amount payable. Simultaneously, the group may still recognise non-
       controlling interest where the risks and rewards of ownership are not deemed to have been transferred to the group
       on initial recognition of the put option liability. Subsequent revisions to the expected redemption amount payable as
       well as the unwinding of the discount related to the measurement of the present value of the written put option
       liability, are recognised in "Existing control business combination reserve" in equity. Where a written put option
       liability expires unexercised or is cancelled, the carrying value of the financial liability is reclassified to the "Existing
       control business combination reserve" in equity.
       Written put options that provide the group with the discretion to settle its obligations in the group's own equity
       instruments (including the shares of a subsidiary) are also accounted for as outlined above. Written put option
       liabilities are presented within "Other non-current and other current liabilities" in the statement of financial position.
       Written put option liabilities that are linked to a committed employment period are accounted for as share-based
       compensation benefits. The expected redemption amounts payable for these written put options is dependent on the
       completion of an employment service period (refer to share-based compensation accounting policy).
       Financial liabilities are presented as current liabilities if payment is due or could be demanded within 12 months (or in
       the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.
       Financial liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position when there is a legally
       enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis. Financial liabilities
       are derecognised when the contractual obligation is discharged, cancelled or when it expires.

114 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

31. LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

                               Long-term                Current      Total Long-term       Current             Total
                                liabilities             portion  liabilities liabilities    portion        liabilities

                                   US$'m               2022            31 March           2021               US$'m
                                                          US$'m                              US$'m
                                                                 US$'m          US$'m

Interest-bearing               15 883                  167       16 050         8 100           92         8 192
Capitalised lease liabilities     272                                            240
Loans and other liabilities                            73        345                            62         302
Non-interest-bearing           15 611                                           7 860
Loans and other liabilities         50                 94        15 705            48           30         7 890
Total liabilities                   50                                             48
                                                       31                   81                  18             66
Type of lease                  15 933                                           8 148
                                                       31                   81                  18             66
                                                                                  Weighted
                                                       198       16 131             average     110        8 258
                                                                                    interest
                                           Currency of               Year of             rate        31 March
                                              year-end                   final
                                               balance                                           2022           2021
                                                                 repayment                      US$'m          US$'m

Buildings                                              Various 2022 - 2039      1.50% - 8.41%        302                267

Computers, furniture and office equipment              Various 2022 - 2026      3.61% - 10.00%         22               19

Vehicles                                               Various 2022 - 2029      1.50% - 10.77%         21               16

                                                                                                     345                302

Maturity profile

Minimum instalments                                                                             81             71
Payable within year one
Payable within year two                                                                         83             66
Payable within year three
Payable within year four                                                                        60             49
Payable within year five
Payable after year five                                                                         53             41

Future finance costs on capitalised lease liabilities                                           45             35

Present value of capitalised lease liabilities                                                  77             100

Present value                                                                                   399            362
Payable within year one
Payable within year two                                                                         ( 54)      ( 60)
Payable within year three
Payable within year four                                                                        345            302
Payable within year five
Payable after year five                                                                         73             62

Present value of capitalised lease liabilities                                                  74             58

                                                                                                51             42

                                                                                                45             34

                                                                                                37             29

                                                                                                65             77

                                                                                                345            302

115 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

31. LONG-TERM LIABILITIES (continued)
       Interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities

                                                                               Currency    Year of   Weighted     31 March
                                                                                       of     final    average
                                                         Asset                                        year-end     2022      2021
                                                      secured                  year-end    repay-                 US$'m     US$'m
                                                                                balance      ment      interest
                                                                                                            rate

Unsecured(1)                                                                       US$        2025    5.50%         225     1 200
Publicly traded bond                                                               US$        2027    4.85%         614     1 000
Publicly traded bond                                                               US$        2030    3.68%       1 250     1 250
Publicly traded bond                                                                Eur       2028    1.54%         941
Publicly traded note(2)                                                                                                       998
Publicly traded note(3)                                                             Eur       2032    2.03%         830
Publicly traded bond                                                                                                          879
Publicly traded bond                                                               US$        2050    4.03%       1 000
Publicly traded bond                                                               US$        2051    3.83%       1 500     1 000
Publicly traded bond                                                               US$        2031    3.06%       1 850     1 500
Publicly traded bond                                                               US$        2032    4.19%       1 000
Publicly traded bond                                                                Eur       2027    3.26%       1 000          -
Publicly traded bond                                                                Eur       2029    1.29%       1 107          -
Publicly traded bond                                                                Eur       2030    2.09%                      -
Publicly traded bond                                                                Eur       2033    1.99%         664          -
Publicly traded bond                                                                Eur       2034    2.78%         941          -
Publicly traded bond                                                                Eur       2026    1.21%         719          -
Various institutions                                                               US$        2052    4.99%         553          -
                                                                               Various     Various   Various      1 250          -
Secured(4)                                                                                                                       -
                                                                                                                     19          8
Exim Bank S.A & Raiffeisen Bank(5)
                                                                                                     EURIBOR 1M

                                                                               Eur         2028      +1.41%       41        42

                                                                                                     EURIBOR 1M

Exim Bank S.A.                                                                 Eur         2029      +1.60%       14        17

                                                                                                     EURIBOR 3M

Raiffeisen Bank                     Building                                   Eur         2031      +1.60%       30        -

Fondo de Inversion Activa                                                      CLP         2024         8.00%     40        -
Various institutions
                                    Various                                    Various Various Various            193       27

Total facilities                                                                                                  15 781    7 921
                                                                                                                     ( 93)   ( 50)
Unamortised loan costs                                                                                                 17      19
Premium on Euro bonds(2) (3)

                                                                                                                  15 705    7 890

(1) The publicly traded bonds are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin). Refer to note 24.

(2) The bond maturing in 2028 was issued in 2 tranches. The second tranche was issued at an issue price of 102.381% (plus Eur 1.9m representing 127-
days accrued interest in respect of the period from, and including, 3 August 2020), resulting in a premium of Eur 8.3m which is included in the fair value
of the bond at initial recognition and is subsequently released over the term of the bond.

(3) The bond maturing in 2032 was issued in 2 tranches. The second tranche was issued at an issue price of 103.020% (plus Eur 1.8m representing 127-
days accrued interest in respect of the period from, and including, 3 August 2020), resulting in a premium of Eur 7.6m which is included in the fair value
of the bond at initial recognition and is subsequently released over the term of the bond.

(4) Refer to note 44 for details of the group's assets pledged as collateral.
(5) The Loan is a joint facility between Exim bank and Raiffeisen Bank

116 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

31. LONG-TERM LIABILITIES (continued)                               Currency             Year of   31 March
       Non-interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities                    of              final
                                                             Asset                                 2022      2021
       Loans                                              secured   year-end        repayment
       Secured(1)                                                    balance                       US$'m US$'m
       Automotive Finance Corporation                                                      2020
       Unsecured                                          Various   US$                            -         13
       Preference shares liability                                                         2023
       Earn-out obligations                                             BRL         Conditional    61        36
       Other                                                        Various
                                                                    Various             Various    20        13

                                                                                                   -         4

                                                                                                   81        66

Total long-term liabilities                                                                           142       48
Repayment terms of long-term liabilities (excluding capitalised lease liabilities)                    104       42
                                                                                                                17
Payable within year one                                                                                 16
Payable within year two                                                                               792         8
Payable within year three                                                                           1 012    1 205
Payable within year four                                                                           13 796    6 667
Payable within year five
Payable after year five                                                                            15 862    7 987
                                                                                                        17      19
Premium on Euro bonds
Unamortised loan costs                                                                                ( 93)   ( 50)
                                                                                                   15 786    7 956

Interest rate profile of long-term liabilities (long- and short-term portion, including               167       92
capitalised lease liabilities)                                                                     15 749    8 029

Liabilities at fixed rates: 1 to 12 months                                                              81      66
Liabilities at fixed rates: more than 12 months                                                       134       71
Interest-free loans
Liabilities linked to variable rates                                                               16 131    8 258

(1) Refer to note 44 for details of the group's assets pledged as collateral.

117 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

31. LONG-TERM LIABILITIES (continued)
       Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                        Capitalised  Interest Non-interest

                                                                        lease        bearing        bearing

                                                                        liabilities liabilities liabilities

                                                                                     31 March 2022

                                                                        US$'m        US$'m          US$'m

Balance at 1 April 2021                                                 302          7 890          66
Additional liabilities recognised
Repayments of long- and short-term loans (1)                            94           9 549          15
Repayments of interest on capitalised lease liabilities
Interest accrued                                                        ( 60)        (1 402)        -
Acquisition of subsidiary
Amortisation of transaction costs                                       ( 18)        -              -
Capitalisation of transaction costs
Foreign exchange translation                                            18           -              -

Balance at 31 March 2022                                                10           -              -
Less: Current portion
Non-current liabilities                                                 -            8              -

                                                                        -            ( 52)          -

                                                                        ( 1)         ( 288)         -

                                                                        345          15 705         81

                                                                        ( 73)        ( 94)          ( 31)

                                                                        272          15 611         50

(1) Repayment of long- and short-term loans in the cash flow includes US$217m relating to the early settlement if bonds. This was included in other
finance cost on the face of the income statement.

                                                                        Capitalised  Interest Non-interest

                                                                        lease        bearing        bearing

                                                                        liabilities liabilities liabilities

                                                                                     31 March 2021

                                                                        US$'m        US$'m          US$'m

Balance at 1 April 2020                                                 277          3 515          34
Additional liabilities recognised
Repayments of long- and short-term debt                                 67           4 432          161
Repayments of interest on capitalised lease liabilities
Interest accrued                                                        ( 56)        ( 39)          ( 116)
Acquisition of subsidiary
Disposal of subsidiary                                                  ( 15)        -              -
Amortisation of transaction costs
Capitalisation of transaction costs                                     16           3              -
Foreign exchange translation
Remeasurement of capitalised lease liabilities                          -            -              -
Other
                                                                        ( 3)         -              -
Balance at 31 March 2021
Less: Current portion                                                   -            3              -
Non-current liabilities
                                                                        -            ( 16)          -

                                                                        11           ( 7)           ( 13)

                                                                        ( 5)         -              -

                                                                        1            ( 1)           -

                                                                        302          7 890          66

                                                                        ( 62)        ( 30)          ( 18)

                                                                        240          7 860          48

118 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

32. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES                     31 March

       Written put option liabilities(1)               2022      2021
       Other liabilities                              US$'m     US$'m
       Total other liabilities
       Less: Current portion of other liabilities     1 158     1 311
                                                         16          -

                                                       1 174    1 311
                                                      (1 014)  (1 251)

Non-current portion of other liabilities              160          60

(1) Relates to put options written over the non-controlling interests in the group's Dante International S.A. (eMAG), Extreme Digital Hungary (eMAG
Hungary) , Movile Internet Movel S.A., PaySense Private Limited, letgo B.V. classifieds business (based on OfferUp associate valuation), Good BidCo
B.V (Good Habitz) and various other smaller ecommerce units.

During the year, the group recognised an aggregate gain on the remeasurement of written put option liabilities of
US$235.7m (2021 loss of: US$534.2m). The movement in the written put option liability in the current year is
predominantly due to cancellation of the written put option liabilities as a result of the acquisition of non-controlling
interest's in the classifieds segment and a decline in the group's ecommerce subsidiaries enterprise values used to
determine the expected redemption amount payable (put option liability). In the prior year the remeasurement was
predominantly due to growth in the group's ecommerce subsidiaries that resulted in the increase in the enterprise
values used to determine the expected redemption amount payable.

The maturity profile of the group's written put option liabilities is detailed in the table below and reflects the first date
on which the respective written put options can be contractually exercised:

                                                      31 March

                                                      2022         2021

                                                      US$'m US$'m

Exercisable within one year                           1 014     1 251
Exercisable within one to two years                        -       60
Exercisable after two to five years                                  -
                                                        144

Total other liabilities                               1 158     1 311

The group has the contractual discretion to settle all written put option obligations either in cash, Naspers N or Prosus
N ordinary shares.

The majority of the group's written put option liabilities are exercisable when non-controlling shareholders exercise
their put option right during the exercisable period, request an initial public offering (IPO) of the relevant group
subsidiary and the IPO is either declined by the group or is ultimately unsuccessful.

119 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

32. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES (continued)

       Sensitivity analysis

       The measurement of written put option liabilities is based on the value of the underlying businesses, calculated either
       through a discounted cash flow analysis or through transaction prices observed in orderly transactions. Accordingly,
       the measurement of written put option liabilities is subject to significant estimation uncertainty. At 31 March 2022,
       84% (2021: 92%) of the total balance of written put option liabilities have been measured using discounted cash flow
       analyses based on the relevant group subsidiary 10-year budgeted cash flow and forecasts. The valuations were
       determined using the same inputs and methodology used in the value in use calculations for the goodwill impairment
       assessment (refer to note 7).

The following analysis illustrates the sensitivity of written put option liabilities to reasonable changes in the most
significant underlying variables used in their measurement:

                                                                                                                              31 March

Increase/(decrease) in written put option liabilities and loss/(gain) in equity   2022      2021
                                                                                 US$'m     US$'m

1% increase in the discount rate and a 1% decrease in the terminal growth rate   ( 99) ( 247)
1% decrease in the discount rate and a 1% increase the terminal growth rate
                                                                                 275       323

Other assumptions contained in the discounted cash flow analyses as at 31 March 2022 used by the group when
valuing written put option liabilities vary widely between obligations due to the group's diverse range of business
models and are closely linked to entity-specific key performance indicators taking into account the impact of the shift
to online ecommerce platforms, the broader market expectations in the technology industry in which the entities
operate and the 10 year performance projections used for the entities.

Movements during the year on the group's written put option liabilities are detailed below. Cash flows arising from the
settlement of written put option liabilities are presented as part of financing activities in the statement of cash flows.

                                                                                 31 March

                                                                                  2022      2021
                                                                                 US$'m     US$'m

Opening balance                                                                  1 311       869
Additional obligations raised                                                      157        19
Remeasurements recognised in equity
Settlements                                                                      ( 236)      534
Expirations and cancellations                                                         -     ( 24)
Foreign currency translation effects                                                        ( 71)
                                                                                 ( 125)     ( 16)
Closing balance                                                                     51
                                                                                           1 311
                                                                                 1 158

120 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities

33. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
       Accounting policy

        Property, plant and equipment comprises of owned and leased assets.

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, being the purchase cost plus the cost to prepare the assets for their
intended use, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

Cost includes transfers from equity of gains/losses on qualifying cash flow hedges relating to foreign currency
property, plant and equipment acquisitions. Property, plant and equipment, with the exception of land, are
depreciated in equal annual amounts over each asset's estimated useful life to their residual values. Land is not
depreciated as it is deemed to have an indefinite life. Depreciation periods vary in accordance with the conditions in
the relevant industries, but are subject to the following range of useful lives:

Class of asset                                        Owned                  Leased
Buildings                                             5 to 50 years          2 to 10 years
Computer equipment                                    2 to 3 years           2 to 3 years
Manufacturing equipment                               2 to 12 years          2 to 4 years
Improvements to buildings                             2 to 12 years          3 to 5 years
Office equipment                                      2 to 12 years          2 to 4 years
Vehicles                                              2 to 5 years           2 to 5 years

Where parts of property, plant and equipment require replacement at regular intervals, the carrying value of an item
of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of replacing the part when that cost is incurred, if it is probable
that future economic benefits will flow to the group and the cost can be reliably measured.

The carrying values of the parts replaced are derecognised on capitalisation of the cost of the replacement part. Each
component of an item of property, plant and equipment with a cost that is significant in relation to the total cost of
the item is depreciated separately where it has an estimated useful life that differs from that of the item as a whole.

Major leasehold improvements are amortised over the shorter of the respective lease terms and estimated useful
lives.

Subsequent costs, including major renovations, are included in an asset's carrying value or recognised as a separate
asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. Repairs and maintenance are charged to the income
statement.

The residual values and useful lives of property, plant and equipment are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at
each statement of financial position date. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds to
the asset's carrying value and are recognised in "Other (losses)/gains ­ net" in the income statement.

Work in progress are assets still in the construction phase and not yet available for use. These assets are carried at cost
and are not depreciated. Depreciation commences once the assets are available for use as intended by management.

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of qualifying assets are capitalised as part of
the cost of those assets. All other borrowing costs are expensed as incurred. A qualifying asset is an asset that takes
more than a year to get ready for its intended use.

Leased assets
At inception of a contract, the group assesses whether a contract is, or contains a lease. A contract is or contains a
lease if it conveys a right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
The group's leasing arrangements relate primarily to office buildings, warehouse space, equipment and vehicles. Lease
agreements are generally entered into for fixed periods of between two and 10 years, depending on the nature of the
underlying asset being leased.

121 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Other assets and liabilities (continued)

33. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
       Accounting policy (continued)

        Lessee accounting
        The group recognises all leases (with limited exceptions) as right-of-use assets and obligations to make lease payments
        (lease liabilities) from the lease commencement date.
        The right-of-use asset is measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment. The cost
        includes the initial amount of the respective lease liability adjusted for lease payments made before the
        commencement date of the lease, plus initial direct costs incurred and estimated costs to dismantle or destroy the
        underlying asset, less lease incentives received where applicable.
        The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method over the earlier of the useful life of
        the underlying asset or the period of the lease term. In addition, the right-of-use asset is reduced by impairment losses
        if any and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.
        The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, discounted using the interest rate
        implicit in the lease and where that rate cannot be readily determined the group entity uses the incremental
        borrowing rate. This is the rate of interest that the group entity would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to
        obtain an asset of a similar value to the respective right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment.
        Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprises of the following:
         · Fixed payments
         · Variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate
         · Amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees
         · Amounts in an optional renewal lease period if the group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension

             option
         · The exercise price of a purchase option that the group is reasonably certain to exercise, and
         · Penalties for early termination of the lease unless the group is reasonably certain not to terminate the

             lease early.

        The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. It is remeasured where there
        is a change in future lease payments, a change in the group's estimate of amounts expected to be payable under a
        residual value guarantee or if the group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or
        termination option.
        When the lease liability is remeasured, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use
        asset, or is recognised in the income statement if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to
        zero. The group presents right-of-use assets in "Property, plant and equipment" and capitalised lease liabilities in
        "Long-term liabilities' in the statement of financial position."
        The group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease
        term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The group recognises the lease payments associated with
        these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
        The group has applied the `integrally linked' approach in respect of the tax consequences of lease contracts. At
        inception of a lease and on the transition date no deferred taxes are recognised as no temporary differences arise
        between the tax base and carrying amount of the net lease asset or liability (without taking into account advance
        payments). Subsequent to initial recognition, deferred taxes are recognised when temporary differences arise.

122 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Other assets and liabilities (continued)
33. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

       Accounting policy (continued)
        Impairment of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets
       Items of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets (with finite useful lives) are reviewed for indicators
       of impairment at least annually. Indicators of impairment include, but are not limited to: significant underperformance
       relative to expectations based on historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the manner of
       use of the assets or the strategy for the group's overall business and significant negative industry or economic trends.
       Property plant and equipment and other intangible assets still in the development phase, and not yet available for use
       (work in progress), are tested for impairment on an annual basis. An impairment loss is recognised in "Other
       (losses)/gains ­ net" in the income statement when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount.
       Value in use is the present value of estimated future cash flows expected to arise from the continuing use of an asset
       and from its disposal at the end of its useful life. The estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
       using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
       to the asset.
        Fair value less costs of disposal is the price that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between
        market participants at the measurement date less the incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of an
        asset or cash-generating unit, excluding finance costs and income tax expense.
       For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
       identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (a cash
       generating unit level).
       An impairment loss recognised for an asset in prior years is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used
       to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised and the revised
       recoverable amount exceeds the carrying amount. The reversal of such an impairment loss is recognised in "Other
       (losses)/gains­ net" in the income statement.

123 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

33. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

                                                              Computer

                                                              and offices  Furniture
                                                                                 and
                                               Land and equip-
                                                                             fittings
                                               buildings      ment            US$'m    Other   Total
                                                                                       US$'m  US$'m
                                                      US$'m US$'m

1 April 2021                                          497     124          87          34     742
Cost
Accumulated depreciation and impairment               ( 144)  ( 58)        ( 37)       ( 13) ( 252)

Carrying value at 1 April 2021                        353     66           50          21     490
Foreign currency translation effects
Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses           ( 12)   ( 5)         2           ( 3)   ( 18)
Disposals of subsidiaries and businesses
Acquisitions of assets                                10      5            -           1      16
Acquisitions of right-of-use assets
Disposals/scrappings                                  ( 1)    ( 1)         -           -      ( 2)
Depreciation
31 March 2022                                         101     76           61          4      242
Cost
Accumulated depreciation and impairment               93      13           -           14     120

                                                      ( 8)    -            ( 2)        ( 1)   ( 11)

                                                      ( 79)   ( 34)        ( 17)       ( 8) ( 138)

                                                      668     209          144         46     1 067

                                                      ( 211)  ( 89)        ( 50)       ( 18) ( 368)

Carrying value at 31 March 2022                       457     120          94          28     699
Work in progress at 31 March 2022
                                                                                              37

Total carrying value at 31 March 2022                                                         736

124 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Other assets and liabilities (continued)

33. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

                                                              Computer

                                                              and offices  Furniture
                                                                                 and
                                             Land and equip-
                                                                             fittings
                                             buildings        ment            US$'m    Other    Total
                                                                                       US$'m   US$'m
                                                      US$'m US$'m

1 April 2020                                          425          86        68        20      599
Cost
Accumulated depreciation and impairment               ( 73)   ( 39)          ( 27)     ( 8) ( 147)

Carrying value at 1 April 2020                        352          47        41        12      452

Foreign currency translation effects                  20             4       7              -                      31
Transfer to other intangible assets
Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses           3              2       4              -                      9
Disposals of subsidiaries and businesses
Acquisitions of assets                                1              1       -         7                           9
Acquisitions of right-of-use assets
Disposals/scrappings                                  ( 2)    ( 1)           -              -         ( 3)
Impairment
Depreciation                                          13           31        10        2                           56
31 March 2021
Cost                                                  55             6       1         6                           68
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
                                                      ( 9)    ( 1)           -         ( 1)    ( 11)
Carrying value at 31 March 2021
                                                      ( 11)          -       -              -  ( 11)
Work in progress at 31 March 2021
                                                      ( 69)   ( 23)          ( 13)     ( 5) ( 110)
Total carrying value at 31 March 2021
                                                      497     124            87        34      742

                                                      ( 144)  ( 58)          ( 37)     ( 13) ( 252)

                                                      353          66        50        21      490

                                                                                                                   55

                                                                                               545

The carrying value of work in progress mainly comprises buildings and equipment.

The group recognised no impairment losses (2021:US$10.9m) on property, plant and equipment. No impairment
losses (2021:US$nil) were recognised within work in progress. US$nil (2021:US$10.9m) of the impairment losses have
been included in "Other (losses)/gains ­ net" in the income statement.

The carrying values and depreciation of right-of-use assets included in property, plant and equipment are as follows:

                                                              31 March 2022            31 March 2021

                                                                     Depreciation              Depreciation

                                                              Carrying charge for      Carrying charge for

                                                              value the year           value the year

                                                              US$'m        US$'m       US$'m   US$'m

Vehicles                                                      21             (7)       16                          (4)
Buildings
Computers, furniture and office equipment                     261            (65)      239                         (58)

                                                              22             (7)       21                          (6)

                                                              304            (79)      276                         (68)

Included in the acquisition of property, plant and equipment is an amount of US$122.2m (2021: US$63.9m) relating to
leased assets, which are non-cash in nature. Refer to note 44 for details of the group's assets pledged as collateral.

The group's leases do not impose covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

125 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

34. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
        Accounting policy
       Intangible assets acquired are capitalised at cost. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised using the
       straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. Residual values of intangible assets are presumed to be zero and
       along with their useful lives are reassessed on an annual basis.

Amortisation periods for intangible assets with finite useful lives vary in accordance with the conditions in the relevant
industries, but are subject to the following maximum limits:

Class of asset                Useful life

Patents                       5 years
Title rights                  10 years
Brand names and trademarks    25 years
Software                      10 years
Intellectual property rights  10 years
Customer-related assets       11 years

No value is attributed to internally developed trademarks or similar rights and assets. The costs incurred to develop
these items are charged to the income statement as incurred.

Costs that are directly associated with the production of identifiable and unique software products controlled by the
group, and which will probably generate economic benefits exceeding costs beyond one year, are recognised as
intangible assets. Direct costs include the software development team's employee costs and an appropriate portion of
relevant overheads. All other costs associated with developing or maintaining software programmes are expensed as
incurred.

Web and application (app) development costs are capitalised as intangible assets if it is probable that the expected
future economic benefits attributable to the asset will flow to the group and its cost can be measured reliably,
otherwise these costs are expensed as incurred.

Research expenditure is expensed as incurred. Costs incurred on development projects (relating to the design and
testing of new or improved products) are recognised as intangible assets if the costs can be measured reliably, the
products or processes are technically and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are probable, and the group
intends to and has sufficient resources to complete development and to use or sell the asset. Development costs that
do not meet these criteria are expensed as incurred.

Work in progress are assets still in the development phase and not yet available for use. These assets are carried at
cost and are not amortised but are tested for impairment at each reporting date. Amortisation commences once the
assets are available for use as intended by management.

Impairment of other intangible assets
Refer to note 33 for details on the impairment of other intangible assets.

126 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

34. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)               Customer    Brand   Software   Total
                                                         related  names      US$'m  US$'m
       1 April 2021                                       assets  US$'m
       Cost                                               US$'m
       Accumulated amortisation and impairment
       Carrying value at 1 April 2021                 577         735     218       1 530
       Foreign currency translation effects           (215)       (371)   (123)     (709)
       Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses                                   821
       Disposals of subsidiaries and businesses       362         364       95
       Acquisitions                                                                  (40)
       Transfer from work in progress                  (25)        (21)       6      309
       Disposals                                      103         145       61       (16)
       Amortisation                                                 ( 7)    ( 2)
       Cost                                              (7)                          16
       Accumulated amortisation and impairment          10            1       5         9
       Carrying value at 31 March 2022                                -       8
       Work in progress at 31 March 2022                  1         ( 1)    ( 1)      ( 2)
       Total carrying value at 31 March 2022              -        (51)    (44)     (146)
                                                       (51)       800     288       1 725
                                                      637         (370)   (160)     (774)
                                                      (244)
                                                                  430     128        951
                                                      393
                                                                                      13

                                                                                     964

127 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

34. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)

                                                                       Customer    Brand                      Total
                                                                          related  names Software            US$'m
                                                                           assets  US$'m US$'m
                                                                           US$'m

1 April 2020                                                            583                 705      156     1 444
Cost                                                                   ( 189)              ( 288)    ( 79)   ( 556)
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
                                                                        394                 417        77      888
Carrying value at 1 April 2020
                                                                          11                  24       ( 3)     32
Foreign currency translation effects                                       3                   4       38       45
Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses                                                                   ( 13)
Disposals of subsidiaries and businesses                                  ( 9)                ( 4)       -      12
Acquisitions                                                               4                    -       8       12
Transfer from work in progress                                              -                   -      12       ( 1)
Impairment                                                                  -                   -      ( 1)  ( 154)
Amortisation                                                                                         ( 36)
31 March 2021                                                           ( 41)               ( 77)            1 530
Cost                                                                                                 218     ( 709)
Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                 577                 735     ( 123)
                                                                       ( 215)              ( 371)              821
Carrying value at 31 March 2021                                                                        95         4
                                                                        362                 364
Work in progress at 31 March 2021                                                                              825
Total carrying value at 31 March 2021

The group recognised no impairment losses on other intangible assets.

The recoverable amounts of the intangible assets impaired was US$nil in 2021. The intangible assets impaired were
written off in full as no future cash inflows are associated with them.

        The impairment losses as at 31 March 2021 , US$1.0m have been included in "Other (losses)/gains ­ net" in the
        income statement and related to the media segment.

35. INVENTORY
        Accounting policy
       Inventory is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventory is determined by means of the
       weighted average method.

The cost of finished products and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and
related production overheads, but excludes finance costs. Costs of inventories include the transfer from other

comprehensive income of gains/losses on qualifying cash flow hedges relating to foreign currency denominated

inventory purchases. Net realisable value is the estimate of the selling price, less the costs of completion and selling
expenses. Net realisable value includes allowances made for obsolete, unusable and unsaleable inventory and for

latent damage first revealed when inventory items are taken into use or offered for sale.

                                                                                                    31 March

                                                                                                    2022      2021

                                                                                                    US$'m US$'m

Carrying value                                                                                      597       416
Finished products, trading inventory and consumables
Work in progress                                                                                    2         1

Gross inventory                                                                                     599       417
Allowance for slow-moving and obsolete inventories
Net inventory                                                                                       ( 28)     ( 20)

                                                                                                    571       397

128 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Other assets and liabilities (continued)

35. INVENTORY (continued)

        The total allowance charged to the income statement to write inventory down to net realisable value amounted to
        US$15.6m (2021: US$10.1m), and reversals of these allowances amounted to US$2.2m (2021: US$2.9m). Net
        realisable value write-downs relate primarily to general inventory write-downs in the etail and media segment.

        Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. In determining the appropriate level of
        inventory write downs, changes in the ageing of inventory and consumer behaviour were taken into account. Overall,
        the inventory write down during the year ended 31 March 2022 did not have a significant impact on the group's
        financial results.

36. OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                             31 March

                                                              2022      2021
                                                             US$'m     US$'m

Prepayments                                                  204       121
Accrued income(1)(2)
Staff debtors(1)                                             47        18

VAT and related taxes receivable                             1         3
Merchant and bank receivables(1)(3)
                                                             161       105
Sundry deposits
Interest receivable on cross-currency interest rate swap(1)  342       268
Service provider receivables(1)
Disposal proceeds receivable(1)                              17        8
Loan receivables(1)(4)
Other receivables(5)                                         2         8

                                                             5         9

                                                             21        34

                                                             206       31

                                                             28        26

Total other receivables                                      1034      631
Less: non-current portion of other receivables(6)
                                                             (135)     ( 17)

Current portion of other receivables                         899       614

(1) These items are classified as financial assets.
(2) Relates to revenue from contracts with customers. Refer to note 14 for movements in accrued income balances.

(3) Merchant and bank receivables are presented net of an allowance for expected impairment (credit) losses of US$3.9m (2021:US$2.7m). Refer to
note 41 for details of the group's credit risk management policy.
(4) Loan receivables are presented net of an allowance for expected impairment (credit) losses of US$7.1m (2021:US$2.1m).
(5) Includes financial assets of US$25.9m (2021: US$14.8m).
(6) Relates to non-current prepaid rental deposits, loan receivables and employment linked prepayments.

129 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS
       Accounting policy

       The group grants share options, share appreciation rights (SARs), performance stock units (PSUs) and restricted stock
       units (RSUs) to its employees under a number of equity compensation plans. The group recognises an employee
       benefit expense in the income statement, representing the fair value of share options, PSUs and RSUs granted. A
       corresponding entry to equity is raised for equity-settled plans. For SARs and other cash-settled share option schemes
       the group recognises an employee benefit expense in the income statement at fair value of the amount payable to
       employees over the vesting period during which the employees become entitled to payment. A corresponding entry to
       liabilities is raised for these cash-settled plans.

       The fair value of the options, PSUs and RSUs at the date of grant under equity-settled plans is charged to the income
       statement over the relevant vesting periods, adjusted to reflect actual and expected levels of vesting. For cash-settled
       plans, the group remeasures the fair value of the recognised liability at each reporting date and at the date of
       settlement, with changes in fair value recognised in the income statement.

       A share option, PSU or RSU scheme is considered equity-settled when the transaction is settled through the granting of
       equity instruments of Naspers Limited, Prosus N.V. or any of its other subsidiaries. SARs and other option schemes are
       considered cash-settled when there is an obligation to settle in cash or any other asset.

       Funding for PSU and RSU share schemes are recognised as contributions to Naspers group share trusts in equity and
       are accounted for separately from the equity compensation plans.

        On the final vesting date of equity-settled plans, the group transfers the accumulated balance relating to vested share
        options, PSUs and RSUs from the share-based compensation reserve to retained earnings.

        The acquisition of Group shares relating to equity-settled equity-compensation plans is accounted for as a separate
        transaction in equity. The cash outflow to acquire these Group shares is disclosed as a financing activity in the
        consolidated statement of cash flows.

        The group had various equity compensation plans (the plans) in operation during the financial year. In terms of these
        plans, employees are offered awards in the form of either share options, PSUs, RSUs or SARs.

       All awards are granted subject to the completion of a requisite service (vesting) period by employees, ranging from
       one year to five years. Unvested awards are subject to forfeiture on termination of employment. Generally, vesting
       takes place in tranches depending on the duration of the total vesting period.

       All share options and SARS are granted with an exercise price of not less than 100% of the market value or fair value of
       the respective company's shares on the date of the grant. RSUs/PSUs are granted with an exercise price of zero.

       Naspers group share trusts
       The group share trusts hold Naspers and Prosus shares (as shareholders) to settle share options, RSUs and PSUs held
       by employees of the Naspers and Prosus group. These share trusts were founded by Naspers to administer the
       Naspers group share schemes for all employees. On listing of Prosus, these trusts received either Naspers or Prosus
       shares (the shares), as selected by the Trustees's, via the capitalisation issue of Naspers M ordinary shares that
       converted into Prosus N ordinary shares on listing date. These shares are linked to the respective Naspers shares and
       accordingly on settlement of the awards employees will receive the Naspers shares as stipulated on grant date and the
       linked Prosus/Naspers shares granted as a result of the listing. There was no adjustment to the original strike price. For
       these share schemes, the settlement is in Naspers shares with linked Prosus shares as a result of listing.

       In September 2020, the Naspers board approved the establishment of the Prosus RSU share scheme administered by
       the new Prosus RSU trust. Similar to the other share trusts, the board controls the operational activity of both the
       Naspers and Prosus group and via the remuneration committee approves the share scheme rules and the granting of
       awards. The settlement of this share scheme will be in Prosus shares and have been granted to both Naspers and
       Prosus group employees. Naspers as the controlling entity within the group has the ultimate decision-making power
       regarding equity-compensation benefit plans and number of shares granted. These decision-making rights have not
       been specifically ceded to Prosus.

130 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Other assets and liabilities (continued)
37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

       Accounting policy (continued)
       Accordingly, all share trusts discussed above (including the Prosus RSU share trust) are controlled and consolidated by
       Naspers because the trust's relevant activities are governed by the remuneration committee as mandated by the
       board and is used to administer the share schemes of the Naspers group as a whole. In addition, Naspers being the
       ultimate parent of the group controls the decisions of the trusts.
       Classification of equity compensation plans for the Naspers group
       Naspers group entities issue share options and SARs to employees of the group. Certain of the share option plans are
       settled in equity instruments of subsidiaries of the group and are classified as equity settled. All of the SARs and the
       remaining share option plans are settled by the Naspers group in cash or other assets and are classified as cash-settled
       plans.
       The equity-settled share-based compensation plans administered by the group's trusts relate to Naspers and Prosus
       RSUs and Naspers PSU schemes and share options.

131 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

       Although the group has various equity compensation plans in operation, disclosure is provided only for those plans
       that had the most significant impact on the group's statement of financial position during the current year.

       The following share option and RSU plans were in operation during the financial year:

                                                                          Maximum awards Vesting         Period to expiry
                                                                                                         from date of offer IFRS 2 classification
Share option plan/RSU plan                                                permissible(1)  period(2)
 Group
 Naspers Share Incentive Trust (Naspers)                                  Note 3          a(3)           10 years  Equity-settled
 MIH Holdings Share Trust (MIH Holdings)                                                                 10 years  Equity-settled
 MIH Internet Holdings B.V. Share Trust (MIH Internet)                    Note 3          a(3)           10 years  Equity-settled
 Naspers Restricted Stock Plan Trust (Naspers RSU/PSU)(4)                                                Note 5    Equity-settled
 Prosus N.V. Share Award Plan (Prosus RSU/PSU)                            Note 3          a(3)           Note 5    Equity-settled
 Prosus N.V. Share Option Plan (Prosus Options)                                                          10 years  Equity-settled
 Social and internet platforms                                            Note 3, 4       a
 MIH Russia Internet B.V. Share Trust
 Ecommerce                                                                Note 7          a
 Frontier Car Group (FCG) Share Trust Option Scheme
 iFood.com Share Option Scheme                                            Note 7          a
 Movile International Holdings B.V. and Movile Mobile Commerce
 Holdings S.L. Joint Stock Option Plan and Movile International Holdings  10%             c              10 years  Equity-settled
 BV Share Option Plan
 Dante International S.A. (eMAG) Share Option Scheme                      15%             e              10 years  Cash-settled
 MMC PlayKids Holding B.V. Share Option Scheme                                                           10 years  Cash-settled
 Red Dot Payment Pte Ltd Options Scheme                                   12.5%           a(8)
 Take2 Share Option Scheme                                                                               10 years  Cash-settled
 Zoop Holding Participações S.A. Share Option Scheme                                               a(6)
 Stack Exchange, Inc. 2010 Stock Plan                                     15%                            10 years  Equity-settled
                                                                                                         10 years  Equity-settled
                                                                          15%             a(6)           10 years  Cash-settled
                                                                                                         10 years  Cash-settled
                                                                          15%             a(6)           10 years  Cash-settled
                                                                                                         10 years  Cash-settled
                                                                          20%             a

                                                                          15%             a

                                                                          4,275,000 shares a

                                                                          15%             f

The group provides detailed disclosure for those share option and RSU plans that are considered significant to the
consolidated annual financial statements.

Notes in relation to the group's share option and RSU plans:

(1) The percentage reflected in this column is the maximum percentage of the respective companies' issued share capital that is available for the
      plan. Where applicable, the above percentage also includes the % of the underlying assets value allocated to other group schemes, including
      the Global schemes (also see note 4 in relation to the group's share appreciation rights plans) .

(2) Vesting period:
                             a One quarter vests after years one, two, three and four.
                             b One third vests after years three, four and five.
                             c One fifth vests after years one, two, three, four and five.
                             d One third vests after years one, two and three.
                             e One quarter vest after year one and monthly thereafter over 3 years.
                             f The vesting period shall be determined for each offer letter individually
                                    provided that it shall not exceed 10 years.

(3) At the Naspers annual general meeting held on 25 August 2017 a resolution was adopted by shareholders whereby the vesting period for
      options granted after 25 August 2017 would be one quarter vesting after years one, two, three and four. Options granted before 25 August
      2017 vest over three, four and five years respectively. In addition, at the Naspers annual general meeting in August 2020 shareholders
      approved that up to 5% of the issued capital of Naspers may be granted in the Naspers RSU.

(4) The Naspers Restricted Stock Plan Trust may issue no more than 200 000 RSU awards in aggregate during any one financial year. The number
      of PSUs that may be offered is at the discretion of the board.

(5) Awards are automatically settled with participants on the vesting date.
(6) For these schemes all offers made from 1 April 2018 vest over one, two, three and four years. All offers preceding this date vest over one, two,

      three, four and five years.
(7) No more than 5% of the issued capital of Prosus N.V. may be granted in the Prosus RSU.
(8) Prior to September 2020 all options granted, one fifth vests after years one, two, three, four and five.

132 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

       The following share appreciation rights plans were in operation during the financial year:

Share appreciation rights plans                                      Maximum         Vesting Period to expiry
 Media                                                               awards          period(2) from date of offer IFRS 2 classification
                                                                     permissible(1)
 Media24 SAR Scheme                                                                  a     5 years and 14  Cash-settled
                                                                      10%                  days
 Social and internet platforms
 MIH China/MIH TC 2008 SAR Scheme                                     10%            b(3)  10 years        Cash-settled
 Ecommerce
 MIH Food Holdings B.V. SAR Scheme (Delivery Hero)                    7.5%           b     10 years        Cash-settled
 MIH India Food Holdings B.V. SAR Scheme (Swiggy)                     10%                                  Cash-settled
 Avito AB SAR Scheme                                                  15%            b     10 years        Cash-settled
 CEE Classifieds SAR Scheme                                           10%                                  Cash-settled
 Tokobagus Exploitatie B.V. SAR Scheme                                15%            b     10 years        Cash-settled
 MIH Payments Holdings B.V. SAR Scheme                                15%                                  Cash-settled
 PayU Global BV SAR Scheme                                            15%            c     10 years        Cash-settled
 PayU Credit B.V. SAR Scheme                                          15%                                  Cash-settled
 Naspers Global Classifieds SAR Scheme (Naspers Global Classifieds)   Note 4         c     10 years        Cash-settled
 Naspers Global Ecommerce SAR Scheme (Naspers Global Ecommerce)       Note 4                               Cash-settled
 MIH Fintech Holdings B.V. SAR Scheme (Naspers Global Payments)       Note 4         b(3)  10 years        Cash-settled
 MIH Food Delivery Holdings B.V. SAR Scheme (Global Food)             Note 4                               Cash-settled
 Naspers Ventures B.V. SAR Scheme                                     15%            b(3)  10 years        Cash-settled
 MIH Edtech Investments BV SAR plan (Global Edtech)                   Note 4                               Cash-settled
 Red Dot Payment Pte Ltd SAR Scheme                                   20%            b     10 years        Cash-settled
 SimilarWeb Limited SAR Scheme                                        5%                                   Cash-settled
 Property24 SAR Scheme                                                15%            b(3)  10 years        Cash-settled
 Takealot Online Proprietary Limited SAR Scheme                       15%                                  Cash-settled
 Movile International Holdings BV SAR Scheme                          15%            b(3)  10 years        Cash-settled
 Dante International S.A. (eMag) SAR Scheme                           12.5%                                Cash-settled
 MIH Learning BV (Skillsoft) SAR Scheme                               12.5%          b     10 years        Cash-settled
 Good BidCo (Goodhabitz) B.V. SAR Scheme                              15%                                  Cash-settled
                                                                                     b     10 years

                                                                                     d     10 years

                                                                                     b     10 years

                                                                                     b     10 years

                                                                                     c     10 years

                                                                                     b(3)  10 years

                                                                                     b     10 years

                                                                                     b     10 years

                                                                                     b     10 years

                                                                                     b     10 years

                                                                                     b     10 years

The group provides detailed disclosure for those share appreciation rights plans that are considered significant to the
financial statements.

Notes in relation to the group's share appreciation rights plans:

(1) The percentage reflected in this column is the maximum percentage of the respective companies issued/notional share capital that is available
      for the plan. Where applicable, the above percentage also includes the percentage of the underlying assets value allocated to other group
      schemes, including the Global schemes (also see note 4).

(2) Vesting period:
                             a One third vests after years three, four and five.
                             b One quarter vests after years one, two, three and four.
                             c One fifth vests after years one, two, three, four and five.
                             d One quarter vests after years two, three, four and five.

(3) For these schemes all offers made from 1 April 2018 vest over one, two, three and four years. All offers preceding this date vest over one, two,
      three, four and five years.

(4) 2,5% of the value of each of the relevant underlying assets, as is contributed to the relevant Global schemes, is available for issuance in the
      Global schemes.

133 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)
       Liabilities arising from share-based payment transactions

The following liabilities have been recognised in the statement of financial position relating to the group's cash-settled
share-based payment obligations:

                                                                       31 March

                                                                       2022      2021

                                                                       US$'m US$'m

Share-based payment liability                                          1 169     1 127
Total carrying amount of cash-settled share-based payment liability     (985)    ( 977)
Current portion of share-based payment liability                        184
                                                                                   150
Non-current portion of share-based payment liability

Reconciliation of the cash-settled share based payment liability

                                                                       31 March

                                                                       2022      2021

                                                                       US$'m US$'m

Opening carrying amount of cash settled liability                      1 127        58
SARs scheme charge per the income statement(1)                           148      718

Employment linked put option charge per the income statement              23        52
Additions                                                                   5       16
Settlements                                                                       (107)
Modification(2)                                                        ( 510)      389
                                                                         355
Foreign currency translation effects                                                  1
                                                                          21
Closing carrying amount of cash-settled share based payment liability            1 127
                                                                       1 169

(1)The decrease in the expense is as a result of the decline in the fair values of the underlying businesses that decreased the estimated cash settlement
for the schemes.

(2)The group's equity-settled compensation plan was prospectively modified to cash-settled due to the change in settlement policy of the share option
scheme (refer to details below for the modification of the iFood share option scheme).

As at 31 March 2021, the iFood share option scheme (the scheme) was equity-settled as these options were settled in
iFood Holdings B.V. shares. In June 2021, the Naspers and iFood Holdings B.V. boards approved a prospective change
in the settlement of these options by providing liquidity to employees of the scheme. Subsequent to this approval, the
group will settle these share options using cash resources. All other features of the awards including strike price,
vesting and expiry periods remain unchanged

The fair value of the iFood scheme recognised as a share-based payment liability on the effective date of the
amendment was US$302.1m. The share-based payment reserve related to this scheme was US$16.3m. The change in
settlement is accounted for as a modification, with the difference between the existing share-based reserve and the
share-based liability of US$285.9m being recognised through retained earnings in equity. Following this change, the
iFood scheme will be accounted for in terms of the group's accounting policy as cash-settled share-based payments.

In the prior year the group's SAR schemes were modified from equity settled to cash settled. The fair value of the SAR
awards on the effective date of the change was US$322m and is recognised as a share-based payment liability. The
share-based payment reserve related to these SAR awards was US$80m. The change in settlement has been
accounted for as a modification, with the difference between the existing share-based payment reserve and the share-
based payment liability being recognised through retained earnings in equity. The SAR schemes are accounted for in
terms of the group's accounting policy in respect of cash-settled share-based payments.

134 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

        As at 31 March 2022 62.7% (2021:69.9%) of the share-based payment liability relates to vested share-based
        compensation plans that have not been exercised. Included in the share-based payment liability is an amount of
        US$89.7m (2021: US$95.1m) as a result of the written put option included in the acquisition agreement that is linked
        to a committed employment period for the Founders of the respective subsidiaries. The group recognised, in the
        income statement, a remeasurement of US$23.1m (2021: US$51.6m) included in the current year cash-settled share-
        based payment expense related to these subsidiaries. The value on settlement of the put options will be dependent on
        the completion of the respective employment period and accordingly impacts the non-controlling interest recognised
        for these subsidiaries.

Movements in terms of the group's significant share option and RSU plans are as follows:
                                                                                         31 March 2022

                                         Naspers      Prosus      Naspers                                 Prosus    Naspers
                                                         RSU           RSU                                   PSU         PSU

Shares                                   116 649      667 619     63 844                                        -  227 460
Outstanding at 1 April                           -  1 833 725             -                             269 298      44 268
Granted                                              (159 424)                                                              -
Exercised                                (32 787)    (205 460)    (25 023)                                      -    (6 056)
Forfeited                                        -                 (9 084)                                      -           -
Expired                                          -             -          -                                     -           -
Cancelled                                        -      (1 400)           -                                     -
Outstanding at 31 March                             2 135 060     29 737                                269 298    265 672
Available to be implemented at 31 March   83 862                          -                                     -           -
                                          77 622               -                                           (Euro)
                                                                                                                   (SA rand)
Weighted average exercise price          (SA rand)    (Euro) (SA rand)                                          -
                                                                                                                -           -
Outstanding at 1 April                   1 870.44     -           -                                             -           -
Granted                                                                                                         -           -
                                         -            -           -                                             -           -
                                                                                                                -           -
Exercised                                903.30       -           -                                             -           -
                                                                                                                -           -
Forfeited                                -            -           -                                                         -
                                                                                                                -
Expired                                  -            -           -                                             -           -
                                                                                                                            -
Cancelled                                -            -           -

Outstanding at 31 March                  2 248.55     -           -

Available to be implemented at 31 March  2 177.15     -           -

Weighted average share price of options

taken up during the year

Shares                                    32 787    159 424        25 023
Weighted average share price             2 678.10      68.50      2 810.46

135 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

       Movements in terms of the group's significant share option and RSU plans are as follows:
                                                                                                 31 March 2021

Shares                                    Naspers      Prosus    Naspers                                        Prosus    Naspers
Outstanding at 1 April                                    RSU         RSU                                          PSU         PSU
Granted                                  122 884
Exercised                                         -          -  119 375                                               -    84 886
Forfeited                                            696 940             -                                            -  142 574
Expired                                    (6 235)                                                                    -
Cancelled                                         -      ( 93)   (33 943)                                             -           -
                                                  -  (28 979)    (21 588)                                             -           -
Outstanding at 31 March                           -                                                                   -           -
Available to be implemented at                               -           -                                            -           -
Weighted average exercise price          116 649        ( 249)           -                                            -  227 460
3O1utMstaarncdhing at 1 April              95 093    667 619      63 844                                        (Euro)            -
Granted                                                                  -                                            -  (SA rand)
Reduction in strike price due to Novus   (SA rand)           -  (SA rand)                                             -           -
ELixmeritceisdeudnbundling               1 861.78       (Euro)           -                                            -           -
Forfeited                                                                -                                            -           -
Cancelled                                         -          -           -                                            -           -
Outstanding at 31 March                           -          -           -                                            -           -
Available to be implemented at           1 699.73            -           -                                            -           -
Weighted average share price of options           -          -           -                                            -           -
t3a1kMenarucphduring the year                     -          -           -                                                        -
                                         1 870.44            -           -
Shares                                   1 641.28            -
Weighted average share price                                 -
                                             6 235
                                         3 456.95         93      33 943                                        -        -
                                                      90. 71    3 209.18
                                                                                                                -        -

136 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

       Movements in terms of the group's significant share option and RSU plans are as follows:
                                                                                                    31 March 2022

                                              MIH     MIH           Dante                                                       Movile Joint
                                         Holdings
                                                      Internet International                                       iFood        Scheme

Shares                                   334 647      1 987 456     80 424                                         123 549      1 115 232
Outstanding at 1 April                    74 340         84 755     15 405                                          12 873                 -
Granted                                    (2 115)      (63 801)    (32 776)                                       (33 920)
Exercised                                  (4 073)        (8 718)                                                    (1 714)     (190 675)
Forfeited                                        -               -     ( 432)                                              -     (152 892)
Expired                                          -        (2 724)                                                          -
Cancelled                                                                   -                                                              -
Outstanding at 31 March                  402 799      1 996 968     62 621                                         100 788                 -
Available to be implemented at 31 March  221 642      1 698 337     17 968                                          30 914        771 665
                                                                                                                                  331 949

Weighted average exercise price          (SA rand) (SA rand)        (US$)                                          (BRL)        (BRL)

Outstanding at 1 April                   2 268.38     1 833.38        786.26                                        4 117.50    237.36
Granted                                  2 956.60     2 961.41      2 343.84                                       22 388.59          -
Exercised                                2 272.15     1 600.12
Forfeited                                2 971.85     3 038.22        657.32                                        2 711.87    266.40
Expired                                                               969.53                                        6 033.30    177.08
Cancelled                                        -            -
Outstanding at 31 March                          -    3 040.00              -                                                -        -
Available to be implemented at 31 March  2 388.26     1 881.80              -                                                -        -
Weighted average share price of options  1 920.78     1 676.50      1 123.57                                        6 891.64    242.13
taken up during the year                                              753.42                                        3 583.72    267.79

                                                                    -                                              -                  -

Shares                                     2 115      63 801        32 776                                          33 920      190 675
Weighted average share price             2 541.17                                                                  4 270.68     2 170.23
                                                      2 462.86      567.46
Shares
Outstanding at 1 April                                          31 March 2021
Granted
Exercised                                282 013      2 019 484      66 641                                        104 298        634 328
Forfeited                                  95 023       113 962      22 475                                         27 272        603 195
Expired                                   (39 093)     (137 362)     (4 181)                                                -     (84 983)
Cancelled                                  (3 296)        (8 628)    (4 511)                                        (8 021)       (37 308)
Outstanding at 31 March                           -              -                                                          -
Available to be implemented at 31 March           -              -           -                                              -              -
Weighted average exercise price                                              -                                                             -
Outstanding at 1 April                   334 647      1 987 456      80 424                                        123 549      1 115 232
Granted                                  164 191      1 501 390      33 477                                         41 240        300 869
Exercised                                (SA rand)     (SA rand)       (US$)                                           (BRL)          (BRL)
Forfeited
Expired                                  1 922.85       1 765.13      684.47                                       3 229.46         340.49
Outstanding at 31 March                  2 839.97       2 882.65    1 043.32                                       7 177.42         122.24
Available to be implemented at 31 March  1 105.43       1 637.25                                                                    207.84
Weighted average share price of options  3 051.36       2 834.24      597.06                                                -       192.86
taken up during the year                                              738.48                                       2 974.06
                                                  -              -                                                                        -
Shares                                   2 268.38       1 833.38            -                                              -        237.36
Weighted average share price             1 572.35       1 486.85      786.26                                       4 117.50         273.61
                                                                      612.53                                       2 289.88

                                           39 093     137 362           4 181                                      -            84 983
                                         3 287.25     3 277.14      1 043.32
                                                                                                                   -            780.74

137 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

       Movements in terms of the group's significant share appreciation rights plans are as follows:

                                                          31 March 2022

                                              Naspers     Naspers
                                                Global
                                  MIH                     Global         Naspers                       PayU
                                 China      Classifieds                                               Global Takealot
                                                          Ecommerce Ventures

SARs                             311 544    21 367 407    10 301 138    3 699 528                     1 433 264     90 426
Outstanding at 1 April            81 617     6 194 375     1 440 861    2 999 945                       223,332     28 778
Granted                            (7 885)  (4 683 827)     ( 156 547)  ( 121 265)                     (584 675)    (53 865)
Exercised                          (3 039)  (3 508 555)       (50 195)                                 (168 358)     (1 621)
Forfeited                                -     ( 28 016)      (25 848)    (36 264)                               -
Cancelled                                                                                                                   -
                                                                                                        903 563
Outstanding at 31 March          382 237 19 341 384 11 509 409 6 541 944                                            63 718
Available to be implemented
at 31 March                      177 658    5 822 724     8 006 878     2 017 831                     265 956       14 221
                                    (US$)         (US$)         (US$)         (US$)
Weighted average exercise price                                                                       (US$)         (ZAR)

Outstanding at 1 April           149.50      8.72         24.99           6.00                         74.13         4 194.67
Granted                          244.59     12.29         64.05          16.94                        138.23        18 915.53
Exercised                        113.19                   28.56
Forfeited                        188.37      8.21         44.75           5.05                         62.99         3 539.58
Cancelled                                    9.19         63.89           6.67                         95.54         6 123.45
                                        -    9.05         209..0605
Outstanding at 31 March          170.24      9.90                              -                             -                 -
Available to be implemented                               21.73          101..0003
at 31 March                      136.91      8.38                                                     93.19 6 848.17
Weighted average share price of                                           5.19
SARs taken up during the year                                                                         75.45 4 126.97

Shares                            7 885     4 683 827     156 547       121 265                       584 675       53 865
Weighted average share price     202.64          12.29      64.26         15.86
                                                                                                      193.61 18 915.53

138 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

       Movements in terms of the group's significant share appreciation rights plans are as follows:

                                                          31 March 2021

                                               Naspers    Naspers
                                                 Global
                                  MIH                     Global        Naspers                        PayU
                                 China       Classifieds                                              Global
                                                          Ecommerce Ventures                                       Takealot

SARs                             461 617 22 150 996       9 683 333     3 079 993 1 207 454                         86 524
Outstanding at 1 April            68 236 7 257 671        1 065 585       720 903 397 759                           13 525
Granted
                                                                                                                    (2 946)
Exercised                        (212 245)   (3 874 164)    ( 415 511)    ( 20 835)                     (65 715)    (6 677)
Forfeited                           (6 064)  (4 167 096)      (32 269)    (80 533)                     (106 234)    90 426

Outstanding at 31 March          311 544     21 367 407   10 301 138    3 699 528                     1 433 264     43 025
Available to be implemented                                                                                           (ZAR)
at 31 March                      91 046      5 385 439    6 806 349     1 400 495                     558 725
                                   (US$)           (US$)        (US$)         (US$)                       (US$)   3 556.39
Weighted average exercise price                                                                                   7 536.59
                                 103.29            8.25        22.99          5.46                      71.10     3 231.99
Outstanding at 1 April           213.45            9.05        42.02          8.30                      82.86     3 117.71
Granted                                            6.39        22.01          5.76                      56.97
Exercised                         69.76            8.98        27.93          6.10                      82.96
Forfeited                        141.67

Outstanding at 31 March          149.50      8.71         24.99          6.00                         74.13 4 194.67
Available to be implemented      134.57
at 31 March                                  7.88         19.54          5.12                         60.34 3 330.20
Weighted average share price of
SARs taken up during the year    212 245     3 874 164    415 511       20 835                        65 715         2 946
                                  217.27           9.05     43.10         7.96                        106.75      7 536.59
Shares
Weighted average share price

139 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

Share option allocations outstanding and currently available to be implemented at 31 March 2022 by exercise price for the
group's significant share incentive plans:

                                       Share options outstanding            Share options currently available

                                       Weighted

                            Number     average                    Weighted              Weighted
                                                                                          average
                            outstanding remaining                 average Exercisable     exercise
                                                                                              price
                            at 31 March contractual               exercise at 31 March

Exercise prices             2022 life (years)                     price     2022

Naspers (SA rand)           5 879             1.26                  711.51   5 879        711.51
    0 to 780.6635                                                 1 330.54  11 303      1 330.54
    1196.8635 to 1371.8535  11 303            2.53                1 640.43              1 640.43
    1594.5035 to 1700.5135                                        1 782.08   9 495      1 782.08
    1740.8335 to 1962.8635  9 495             3.48                2 497.79   9 152      2 497.79
    2323.5035 to 2839.8635                                        3 061.78  18 945      3 052.71
    2945.8735 to 3100.99    9 152             3.73                3 207.00  17 543      3 207.00
    3207 to 3207                                                             5 305
                            18 945            4.66
MIH Holdings (SA rand)                                                      77 622
    0 to 482.5933           21 659            6.08
    661.8833 to 886.6933
    1046.8833 to 1378.6733  7 429             6.24
    1594.5233 to 1700.5333
    1712.8733 to 1928.46    83 862
    2037.8633 to 2323.5233
    2380.94 to 2450         9 564             0.39                  366.82     9 564      366.82
    2600 to 2782.5                                                  671.35   29 150       671.35
    2819.37 to 2839.8833    29 150            1.29                1 161.30   60 032     1 161.30
    2888.51 to 3380                                               1 629.39   14 066     1 629.39
    3420.55 to 3780.75      60 032            2.21                1 865.88              1 732.64
                                                                  2 301.10     2 289    2 310.71
MIH Internet (SA rand)      14 066            3.47                2 422.53   17 233     2 424.00
    376.5832 to 482.5932                                          2 768.60              2 782.50
    661.8832 to 886.6932    7 163             7.84                2 829.78     6 969    2 833.24
    1046.8832 to 1477.8832                                        3 078.59     9 111    3 158.80
    1572.0432 to 1740.8532  19 564            5.19                3 425.73   40 318     3 423.21
    1741.2732 to 1991.8832                                                   10 992
    1992.8832 to 2323.5232  11 032            7.00                           21 918
    2380.94 to 2755.7232
    2782.5 to 2995.97       13 395            6.95                          221 642
    3017 to 3164.11
    3207 to 3494            107 878           7.98
    3702.99 to 3809.00
                            85 857            8.66

                            45 098            7.27

                            402 799

                            65 695            0.44                  473.56     65 695     473.56
                                                                    678.13     34 735     678.13
                            34 735            1.30                1 057.96    901 776   1 057.96
                                                                  1 653.05     34 458   1 653.05
                            901 776           2.02                1 842.31     30 015   1 842.31
                                                                  2 110.08    191 262   2 106.92
                            34 458            3.44                2 683.82     67 348   2 705.78
                                                                  2 833.48    143 806   2 835.18
                            30 015            4.40                3 091.25    165 750   3 101.57
                                                                  3 433.74     59 221   3 435.12
                            194 286           4.39                3 727.75              3 714.26
                                                                                 4 271
                            78 052            5.97
                                                                            1 698 337
                            240 766           7.04

                            288 486           6.92

                            123 297           7.24

                            5 402             6.57

                            1 996 968

140 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

Share option allocations outstanding and currently available to be implemented at 31 March 2022 by exercise price for the
group's significant share incentive plans:

                                    Share options outstanding             Share options currently available

                                    Weighted

                           Number   average                    Weighted              Weighted
                                                                                       average
                           outstanding remaining               average Exercisable     exercise
                                                                                           price
                           at 31 March contractual             exercise at 31 March

Exercise prices            2022 life (years)                   price      2022
Dante International (USD)
                           4 316              4.21               505.53    4 316       505.53
    319.02 to 533.7                                              809.69   11 718       796.88
    678.53 to 882.28       24 265             6.49             1 634.88    1,934     1,043.32
    1043.32 to 2343.84
                           34 040             9.11                        17 968
iFood (BRL)
    408.64 to 2233.05      62 621
    3984.58 to 4270.68
    7177.42 to 22388.59    11 100             4.80             1 230.59   10 272     1 149.79
                                                                                     4 201.15
Movile Joint Scheme (BRL)  53 210             7.40             4 211.79   16 524     7 177.42
    48.87 to 117.31
    149.71 to 279.9        36 478             8.85             12 523.31  4 118
    285.18 to 307.38
    468.87 to 497          100 788                                        30 914

                           411 815            8.19             115.12     116 852    109.58
                                                               174.85      64 617    160.57
                           88 043             5.47             298.61      41 753    297.09
                                                               491.05                490.28
                           49 016             5.28                        108 727

                           222 791            7.18                        331 949

                           771 665

141 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

Share appreciation rights allocations outstanding and currently available to be implemented at 31 March 2022 by
exercise price for the group's significant share incentive plans:

                                          SARs outstanding                SARs currently available
                                                Weighted
Exercise prices                 Number            average    Weighted      Exercisable  Weighted
MIH China (US$)             outstanding         remaining      average    at 31 March     average
                            at 31 March                        exercise                   exercise
                                              contractual          price          2022        price
                                    2022       life (years)

  81.7856 to 156.04         234 242           6.16           132.21       160 639         128.80
  213.36 to 252.82          147 995                                                       213.45
                            382 237           8.89           230.44       17 019
Naspers Global Classifieds                                                                   5.68
(US$)                                                                     177 658            8.92

3.54 to 6.5                    965 954        4.03           5.68         965 954          16.06
7.64 to 12.29               18 375 430                                                     29.92
                                              8.15           10.12 4 856 770               38.15

                            19 341 384                                    5 822 724               -

Naspers Global Ecommerce                                                                     5.24
(US$)                                                                                            -

  15.58 to 20.45             5 291 964         2.64          16.06        5 291 964        47.78
  23.61 to 33.78             2 360 846         5.79          30.06        1 772 285        87.82
  36.31 to 45.64             2 458 492         7.79          38.97
  55.25 to 67.1              1 398 107         9.36          64.05          942 629     4,126.97
                                                                                     -            -
Naspers Ventures(US$)       11 509 409        10.74
                                              14.49                       8 006 878

  5 to 6.83                 2 992 053          5.08                5.53   2 017 831
  8.74 to 19.12             3 549 891          8.07               15.67              -
                            6 541 944
PayU Global (US$)                              7.55               51.65   2 017 831
  39.1 to 67.37               120 947          9.64               99.61
  75.16 to 140.26             782 616                                        82 180
                              903 563                         5,165.46      183 776
Takealot (ZAR)                                               18,915.53      265 956
  3117.71 to 7536.59           35 068
  18915.53 to 18915.53         28 680                                        14 221
                               63 748                                                -

                                                                             14 221

142 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

       Share option and RSU plan grants made during the year relating to the group's significant plans:
                                                                                                             31 March 2022

                                                      Prosus     Naspers                                                         Prosus   Naspers
                                                         RSU          RSU                                                           PSU        PSU

                                                      (Euro)    (SA rand)                                                        (Euro)  (SA rand)

Weighted average fair value at                        74.89     -                                                                75.16   2,945.46
measurement date
This weighted average fair value has                   74.89    -                                                                75.16   2,945.46
been calculated using the Bermudan                           -                                                                                    -
Binomial option pricing model, using the                     -  -                                                                -                -
following inputs and assumptions:
Weighted average share price                             10.0   -                                                                -            10.0
Weighted average exercise price                       160.00                                                                               160.00
Weighted average expected volatility (%)*                       -                                                                10.0
Weighted average option life (years)                      2.5                                                                                  3.0
Weighted average annual suboptimal rate (%)                     -                                                                160.00
Weighted average vesting period (years)
                                                                -                                                                3.0

* The weighted average expected volatility of all share options listed above is determined using historical daily share prices.

143 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

       Share option and RSU plan grants made during the year relating to the group's significant plans:

                                                    MIH                MIH                                                       Dante         iFood  Movile
                                              Holdings            Internet                                                       (US$)         (BRL)    (BRL)
                                              (SA rand)          (SA rand)

Weighted average fair value at                1 234.89           1 235.26 1 172.63 9 165.64                                                                     -
measurement date
This weighted average fair value has          2 955.45           2 957.08 2 343.84 19 927.63                                                                    -
been calculated using the Bermudan
Binomial option pricing model, using the      2 955.45           2 957.08 2 343.84 22 388.59                                                                    -
following inputs and assumptions:
Weighted average share price                  32.5%              32.4%                                                           58.0%         50.4%            -
Weighted average exercise price
Weighted average expected volatility (%)*             10.0       10.0                                                            10.0          10.0             -
Weighted average option life (years)
Weighted average dividend yield (%)                   0.2%       0.2%                                                            0.0%          0.0%             -
Weighted average risk-free interest rate (%)
(based on zero rate bond yield at                     7.1%       7.0%                                                            1.6%          7.3%             -
perfect fit)
Weighted average annual suboptimal rate (%)   160.0%             160.0% 160.0% 160.0%                                                                           -
Weighted average vesting period (years)
                                                      2.5        2.5                                                             2.6           2.5              -

* The weighted average expected volatility of all share options listed above is determined using historical daily share prices.

                                                                                                     31 March 2021

                                                      Prosus      Naspers                                                              Prosus         Naspers
                                                         RSU           RSU                                                                PSU              PSU

                                                      (Euro)     (SA rand)                                                             (Euro)        (SA rand)

Weighted average fair value at                        80.29                 -                                                           -      2,839.26
measurement date
This weighted average fair value has                  80.29                 -                                                           -      2,839.26
been calculated using the Bermudan
Binomial option pricing model, using the                    -               -                                                           -             -
following inputs and assumptions:
Weighted average share price                                -               -                                                           -             -
Weighted average exercise price
Weighted average expected volatility (%)*             10.0                  -                                                           -             3.00
Weighted average option life (years)
Weighted average annual suboptimal                    160%                  -                                                           -             160%
rate (%)
Weighted average vesting period (years)                     2.5             -                                                           -             3.0

* The weighted average expected volatility of all share options listed above is determined using historical daily share prices.

144 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

       Share option and RSU plan grants made during the year relating to the group's significant plans:
                                                                                                                  31 March 2021

                                                 MIH            MIH                                                              Dante                  Movile
                                           Holdings                                                                                                       Joint
                                           (SA rand)            Internet International                                                         iFood
                                                                                                                                                (BRL)  scheme
                                                                (SA rand)                                                        (US$)                    (BRL)
                                                                                                                                            3 158.04
Weighted average fair value at                        1 207.10 1 226.18                                                          520.60                       -
measurement date                                                                                                                            7 177.42
This weighted average fair value has                  2 839.97  2 882.65                                                         1 043.32   7 177.42          -
been calculated using the Bermudan                    2 839.97  2 882.65                                                         1 043.32                     -
Binomial option pricing model, using the                                                                                                       42.0%          -
following inputs and assumptions:                        35.6%     35.6%                                                            58.7%        10.0         -
Weighted average share price                              10.0      10.0                                                              10.0      0.0%          -
Weighted average exercise price                           0.3%      0.2%                                                             0.0%
Weighted average expected volatility (%)*                                                                                                       4.9%          -
Weighted average option life (years)                     6.6%      6.6%                                                             0.9%     160.0%
Weighted average dividend yield (%)                                                                                                                           -
Weighted average risk-free interest rate              160.0%    160.0%                                                           160.0%          2.5          -
(%) (based on zero rate bond yield at                     2.5       2.5                                                              2.5
perfect fit)
Weighted average annual suboptimal
rate (%)
Weighted average vesting period (years)

* The weighted average expected volatility of all share options listed above is determined using historical daily share prices.

145 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

37. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS (continued)

Share appreciation rights plan grants made during the year relating to the group's significant plans:

                                                         Naspers Naspers

                                                         Global   Global Naspers                                                          PayU
                                                                                                                                         Global
                                                MIH China Classifieds Ecommerce Ventures                                                  (US$)   Takelaot
                                                                                                                                                      (ZAR)
                                                (US$)    (US$)    (US$)                                                         (US$)

31 March 2022                                   48.73    4.28     26.08                                                         15.14    58.70 11 046.97
Weighted average fair value at
re-measurement date                             155.02    11.59    57.27                                                         25.46   132.78   20 335.39
This weighted average fair value                244.59    12.29    60.20                                                         16.94   137.83   18 915.53
has been calculated using the                             37.0%    50.1%                                                         48.3%
Bermudan Binomial option pricing model,          42.0%                                                                                    53.80        61.5%
using the following inputs and assumptions:        10.0    10.0     10.0                                                          15.0      10.0        10.0
Weighted average share price
Weighted average exercise price                    2.3%     2.3%     2.3%                                                          2.3%      2.3         7.7%
Weighted average expected volatility (%)*       160.0%   160.0%   160.0%                                                        160.0%   160.0%       160.0%
Weighted average option life (years)
Weighted average risk-free interest rate (%)        2.5      2.6      2.6                                                           3.5      2.5          2.5
(based on zero rate bond yield at perfect fit)  155.02    11.59    57.27                                                         25.46   132.78   20,335.39
Weighted average annual suboptimal rate (%)
Weighted average vesting period (years)         83.12    5.30     33.59                                                         4.79     79.03 13 585.76
Share price at measurement date
                                                247.12    12.19    64.46                                                          9.17   138.96   18 915.73
31 March 2021                                   213.45     9.05    42.02                                                          8.30    82.66    7 536.59
Weighted average fair value at                            34.7%    47.6%                                                         47.2%    53.7%        59.3%
measurement date                                 35.3%     10.0                                                                   15.0      10.0        10.0
This weighted average fair value                    5.0             10.0
has been calculated using the                               1.7%                                                                   2.0%     1.7%         7.3%
Bermudan Binomial option pricing model,            0.8%  160.0%      1.7%                                                       160.0%   160.0%       160.0%
using the following inputs and assumptions:     160.0%            160.0%
Weighted average share price                                 2.5                                                                    3.5      2.5          2.5
Weighted average exercise price                     2.5   12.19       2.5                                                         9.17   138.96   18,915.73
Weighted average expected volatility (%)*       247.12             64.46
Weighted average option life (years)
Weighted average risk-free interest rate (%)
(based on zero rate bond yield at perfect fit)
Weighted average annual suboptimal rate (%)
Weighted average vesting period (years)
Share price at measurement date

* The weighted average expected volatility of all share options listed above is determined using historical daily share price.

146 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Other assets and liabilities (continued)

38. PROVISIONS
        Accounting policy
       Provisions are obligations of the group where the timing or amount (or both) of the obligation is uncertain.

       Provisions are recognised when the group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is
       probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a
       reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made.

       The group recognises a provision relating to its estimated exposure on all products at the statement of financial
       position date. A provision for onerous contracts is established when the expected benefits to be derived under a
       contract are less than the unavoidable costs of fulfilling the contract. Reorganisation provisions are recognised in the
       period in which the group becomes legally or constructively committed to a formal restructuring plan.

       Provisions are reviewed at each statement of financial position date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate.
       Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the amount of a provision is determined by discounting the
       anticipated future cash flows expected to be required to settle the obligation at a pre-tax rate that reflects current
       market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due
       to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense in the income statement.

                                                                                                31 March

                                                                                                2022              2021

                                                                                                US$'m US$'m

Pending litigation                                                                              7                 15
Reorganisation
Long-service and retirement gratuity                                                            -                 1
Other
                                                                                                5                 5

                                                                                                3                 2

Total provisions                                                                                15                23
Less: Non-current portion of provisions
                                                                                                ( 6)              ( 6)

Current portion of provisions                                                                   9                 17

The group is currently involved in various litigation matters. The litigation provision has been estimated based on
management's assessment on likelihood of requirements on legal counsel and management's estimates of costs and
possible claims relating to these after taking appropriate legal advice. Please refer to note 44 for contingent assets
disclosed in respect of the group's litigation matters.

The provision for reorganisation relates to the relocation costs of certain of our operations.

The provision for long service and retirement gratuity relates to the estimated cost of these employee benefits.

Included in other provisions are estimated amounts related to other regulatory matters.

147 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

39. POST-EMPLOYMENT LIABILITIES

39.1 Medical liability
       The group operates a post-employment medical benefit scheme. The obligation of the group to pay medical aid
       contributions after retirement is no longer part of the conditions of employment for new employees. A number of
       pensioners and current employees, however, remain entitled to this benefit. The entitlement to this benefit for
       current employees is dependent upon the employees remaining in service until retirement age and completing a
       minimum service period. The group determines its obligations for post-employment medical aid benefits by way of an
       annual valuation. The key assumptions and valuation method are described below.

Key assumptions and valuation method
The actuarial valuation method used to value the obligations is the projected unit credit method. Future benefits are
projected using actuarial assumptions and the obligations for in-service members are accrued over the expected
working lifetimes.

The significant actuarial assumptions used in the current and prior period valuations are outlined below:

                                                                                                  31 March  2021
                                                                                                  2022

Discount rates                                                                                    10.7%     10.5%
Healthcare cost inflation                                                                          8.7%      8.6%
Average retirement age(1)                                                                         60/65        60

Membership discontinued at retirement                                                                0%        0%

(1)Active employees' normal retirement age was updated to 65 year in the current valuation data.

148 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

39. POST-EMPLOYMENT LIABILITIES (continued)
39.1 Medical liability (continued)

       The group assumes that current in-service members would retire on their current medical scheme option and that
       there would be no change in medical scheme options at retirement.

Actuarial assumptions are generally more suited to the estimation of the future experience of larger groups of
individuals. The overall experience of larger groups is less variable and is more likely to tend to the expected value of
the underlying statistical distribution. The smaller the group size, the less likely it is that the actual future experience
will be close to that which is expected. Furthermore, assumptions that are appropriate for the group overall, may not
be appropriate at an individual entity level.

Post-employment medical liability

                                                                              31 March

                                                                               2022      2021
                                                                              US$'m     US$'m

Opening balance                                                                   24    21
Current service cost
Interest cost                                                                        1  2
Employer benefit payments
Remeasurements                                                                       2  2
Disposal of subsidiary
Foreign currency translation effects                                          ( 2)      ( 2)

Total post-employment medical liability                                       ( 2)      -

                                                                                     -  ( 3)

                                                                                     -  4

                                                                                  23    24

Current portion of post-employment medical liability                                 2  2
Non-current portion of post-employment medical liability
                                                                                  21    22

As the value of the liability is based on a number of assumptions, a sensitivity analysis is presented below to show the
effect of a one-percentage point decrease or increase in the rate of healthcare cost inflation:

Healthcare cost inflation                                      Assumption     -1%       +1%
                                                                        8.7%

Accrued liability 31 March 2022 (US$'m)                        24             22        26
% change
Current service cost plus interest cost 2022 and 2023 (US$'m)                 -8.2%     9.6%
% change
                                                               2              2         2

                                                                              -8.0%     9.7%

39.2 Pension and provident benefits

       The group provides retirement benefits for its full-time employees by way of various separate defined contribution
       pension and provident funds. All full-time employees have access to these funds. Contributions to these funds are paid
       on a fixed scale. Substantially all the group's full-time employees are members of either one of the group's retirement
       benefit plans or a third-party plan. Certain of these funds are related parties to the group and as at 31 March 2022 and
       2021 there were no outstanding amounts between the group and these funds. The group has no legal or constructive
       obligations to pay further contributions if the funds do not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits
       relating to employee service in the current and prior periods.

An amount of US$3.9m (2021: US$3.4m) was recognised as an expense during the period in relation to the group's
defined contribution funds.

149 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other assets and liabilities (continued)

40. ACCRUED EXPENSES                                                                                                        31 March

       Deferred income(1)                                                                                                    2022      2021
       Accrued expenses(2)                                                                                                  US$'m     US$'m
       Accrued interest related to the bonds(2)
       Amounts owing in respect of investments acquired(2)                                                                    166       102
       Taxes and other statutory liabilities                                                                                  203       211
       Bonus accrual                                                                                                          124
       Accrual for leave                                                                                                                 80
       Other personnel accruals                                                                                                  3      170
       Payments received in advance                                                                                           116       105
       Payables from reverse factoring arrangements(2)                                                                        103
       Merchant payable(2)                                                                                                               92
       Other(3)                                                                                                                36        30
                                                                                                                               65        50
         (1) Relates to revenue from contracts with customers. Refer to note 14 for movements in deferred income balances.     67        26
         (2)These items are classified as financial liabilities.                                                               90        92
         (3)Includes financial liabilities of US$56.5m (2021: US$33.2m).                                                      742       519
                                                                                                                               58        44

                                                                                                                            1 773     1 521

150 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Financial risk management

      HEDGING
       Accounting policy

       The group uses derivative financial instruments (derivatives) to reduce exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency
       exchange rates and interest rates. These instruments mainly comprise forward exchange contracts and interest rate
       (including cross currency) swap agreements. Forward exchange contracts protect the group from movements in
       exchange rates by fixing the rate at which a foreign currency asset or liability will be settled. Cross-currency interest
       rate swap agreements protect the group from movements in foreign exchange risk on a net investment in a foreign
       operation.
       The group documents, at inception of hedging transactions, the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged
       items, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedging transactions. The group
       also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives used in
       hedging transactions are expected to be and have been highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash
       flows of hedged items. Hedging instruments are included in "Derivative financial instruments" in the statement of
       financial position. The group designates derivatives as hedging instruments either in their entirety or elements thereof,
       as appropriate. The fair values of derivatives used for hedging purposes are disclosed in note 44.

       The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss arising from the remeasurement of derivatives used for hedging is
       dependent on the nature of the item being hedged. The group designates a derivative as either a hedge of the fair
       value of a recognised asset, liability or firm commitment (fair value hedge), or a hedge of a forecast transaction or of
       the foreign currency risk of a firm commitment (cash flow hedge). The group also designates certain derivatives as
       hedges of the group's net investments in its foreign operations (cash flow hedges).
        Fair value hedges
       When a derivative is designated as a fair value hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in the
       income statement, along with changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that is attributable to the
       hedged risk.
        Cash flow hedges
        When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of the change in the fair value
        of the derivative is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the hedging reserve. The
        ineffective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivative is recognised in the income statement.
        When the hedged forecast transaction or firm commitment subsequently results in the recognition of a non-financial
        item such as inventory, the amount accumulated in the hedging reserve is included directly in the initial cost of the
        non-financial item when it is recognised.
        For all other hedged forecast transactions, the amount accumulated in the hedging reserve is reclassified to the
        income statement in the same period during which the hedged expected future cash flow affects in the income
        statement.
        When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting,
        then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The amount accumulated in the hedging reserve at that time
        remains in equity until, for a hedge resulting in the recognition of a non-financial item, it is included in the initial cost
        on initial recognition or, for other cash flow hedges, it is reclassified to the income statement in the same period as the
        expected cash flows affect the income statement.
       When a committed or forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the amounts accumulated in the hedging
       reserve are reclassified to the income statement.

151 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Financial risk management

      HEDGING (continued)
       Accounting policy (continued)

        Net investment hedges
       When a derivative is designated as a hedging instrument in a hedge of the group's net investment in a foreign
       operation, the effective portion of the change in fair value of the hedging instrument is recognised in other
       comprehensive income and presented in the foreign currency translation reserve within equity. The ineffective portion
       of the change in fair value of the derivative is recognised in the income statement. The amount accumulated in the
       foreign currency translation reserve is reclassified to the income statement on disposal of the relevant foreign
       operation.
        Certain derivative transactions, while providing effective economic hedges under the group's risk management
        policies, do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge
        accounting are recognised immediately in the income statement.

41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
       Financial risk factors

       The group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks such as market risk (including currency risk, fair-value
       interest rate risk, cash flow interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. These include the effects of
       changes in debt and equity markets, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. The group's overall risk
       management programme seeks to minimise the potential adverse effects of financial risks on its financial
       performance. The group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward exchange contracts and interest rate
       swaps, to hedge certain risk exposures.

       Risk management is carried out by management under policies approved by the board of directors and its risk
       management committee. Management identifies, evaluates and, where appropriate, hedges financial risks. The
       various boards of directors within the group provide written policies, in line with the overall group policies, covering
       specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, the use of derivative financial instruments
       and the investment of excess liquidity.

       41.1 Foreign exchange risk
        The group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk as a substantial portion of its revenue and
        expenses is denominated in the currencies of the countries in which it operates.
        Where the group's revenue is denominated in local currency, depreciation of the local currency against the US dollar
        adversely affects the group's earnings and its ability to meet cash obligations. Some entities in the group use forward
        exchange contracts to hedge their exposure to foreign currency risk in connection with their obligations. Management
        may hedge the net position in the major foreign currencies by using forward exchange contracts. However, in many
        territories, forward cover is not available and accordingly, such exposures are not hedged. The group also uses forward
        exchange contracts to hedge foreign currency exposure in its media business where cover is generally taken for 50% to
        100% of firm commitments in foreign currency for up to one year.
        The group classifies its forward exchange contracts relating to forecast transactions and firm commitments as either
        cash flow or fair value hedges and measures them at fair value.
        During the 31 March 2022 financial year, the group did not designate forward exchange contracts as either a cash flow
        or a fair value hedge.
       In certain instances, the group will hedge its foreign currency risks associated with certain of its net investments in
       foreign operations. The group will determine which investments to hedge based on the foreign currency risk arising on
       translation of its foreign operations.

152 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Financial risk management (continued)

41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
       41.1 Foreign exchange risk (continued)
       Financial risk factors (continued)
       Following the acquisition of the group's interest in Delivery Hero SE during the 2018 financial year, the group elected
       to hedge the foreign exchange risk resulting from the difference between the functional currency of Delivery Hero
       (Euro) and the currency of the funding incurred to acquire the investment (USD). The Group therefore entered into a
       cross-currency interest rate swap, and in order to best reflect the result of this risk management strategy, designated
       it as a hedge of its net investment in Delivery Hero.

        The cross-currency interest rate swap matures in July 2025 and on maturity the group will exchange EUR200m for
        US$225.0m. As the investment in Delivery Hero SE is translated at the spot rate, the group has designated only the
        spot exchange rate element of the cross-currency interest rate swap as forming part of the hedging relationship.
        In July 2021 the group issued US$1.85bn 3.061% notes due in 2031, Eur1.0bn 1.288% notes due in 2029 and Eur850m
        1.985% notes due in 2033 (the bonds). The purpose of the offerings was to raise proceeds for general corporate
        purposes, including debt refinancing, which took the form of a tender offer made in relation to its bonds maturing in
        2025 and 2027. Part of the notes due in 2025 was linked to a cross-currency interest rate swap. Due to the part
        settlement of the 2025 bond notes, the group partly settled the cross-currency interest rate swap (the swap) related
        to the portion of the bond notes that were settled. The group therefore discontinued the hedge for the portion of the
        swap that was settled. The group continued the hedge relationship for the remaining portion of the swap as the hedge
        of the net investment in Delivery Hero. The repayment of the swap amounted to US$20m in July 2021, representing
        the fair value of the portion settled at that date. Cumulative losses of US$13.7m (2021: loss of US$24.1m) have been
        recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve relating to the net investment hedge since the inception of the
        hedging relationship. The increase in the value of the net investment in Delivery Hero used to determine hedge
        ineffectiveness for the period is US$2.1bn (2021: increase in value of US$1.50bn).
        The hedge ratio remained 1:1 and the risk strategy for this hedge relationship remained unchanged. The accumulated
        amount recognised for this hedge relationship in the foreign currency translation reserve was not reclassified following
        this partial settlement. The amount will only be reclassified if the investment in Delivery Hero is disposed.
        During the current year, total gains of US$12.1m (2021: losses of US$79.3m) were recognised on the cross-currency
        interest rate swap. Gain of US$10.4m (2021: losses of US$48.2m) for the year have been recognised in the foreign
        currency translation reserve relating to the net investment hedge (and comprise the fair value movements used as a
        basis for recognising hedge effectiveness). Gains of US$1.8m (2021: losses of US$31.0m) were recognised as part of
        "Other finance (costs)/income ­ net" in the income statement. This is the element of the cross-currency interest rate
        swap not designated as part of the hedging relationship. Ineffectiveness may arise from credit risk on the cross-
        currency interest rate swap. Ineffectiveness is negligible as all critical terms on the hedging instrument and hedged
        item match.
        Where the group has surplus funds offshore, the treasury policy is to spread the funds between more than one
        currency to limit the effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations and to generate the highest possible interest income.
        As at 31 March 2022, the group had a net cash balance including short-term cash investments, of US$13.64bn
        (2021: US$5.19bn), of which US$87.32m (2021: US$414.3m) was held in South Africa. The US$13.55bn (2021:
        US$4.77bn) held offshore was largely denominated in US dollar which is also the functional currency of the relevant
        group subsidiary in which the cash is held. However, there are certain money-market investments held in Euros by
        entities with US dollar functional currencies which do give rise to foreign currency risk.

153 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial risk management (continued)

41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
       41.1 Foreign exchange risk (continued)
       Financial risk factors (continued)
       Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
        The group's presentation currency is the US dollar, but as it operates internationally, it is exposed to a number of
        currencies, of which the exposure to the US dollar, euro, Indian rupee, Brazil real, Romanian lei, Turkish Lira, Polish
        Zloty and Russian rouble are the most significant. The group is also exposed to the British pound, Chinese yuan
        renminbi and South African rand albeit to a lesser extent. For purposes of the below analysis, financial instruments are
        only considered sensitive to foreign exchange rates when they are not denominated in the functional currency of the
        group entity holding the relevant financial instrument.

       The sensitivity analysis details the group's sensitivity to a 10% increase of the US dollar against the Indian rupee, South
       African rand, Euro and Romanian lei (2021: 10% decrease on forementioned currencies and 10% increase against
       Euro), as well as 40% increase against Russian rouble, and a 20% increase of the US dollar against the Brazilian real,
       Turkish Lira and Polish Zloty (2021: 10% decrease of the US dollar against the forementioned currencies). These
       movements would result in a US$379.5m increase in net profit after tax for the year (2021: US$180.5m decrease).
       Other equity would decrease by US$124.0m (2021: US$72.8m increase).

This analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities (i.e. those
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that differs from the relevant group company's functional
currency) and adjusts their translation at the period-end for the above percentage changes in foreign currency rates.
The sensitivity analysis includes external loans, as well as loans to foreign operations within the group, but excludes
translation differences due to translating from functional currency to presentation currency. The analysis has been
adjusted for the effect of hedge accounting.

Foreign exchange rates

The exchange rates used by the group to translate foreign entities' income statements, statements of comprehensive
income and statements of financial position are as follows:

                                                      31 March 2022      31 March 2021

                                                      Average    Closing Average  Closing
                                                           rate                      rate
                                                                 rate    rate

Currency (1FC = US$)                                  0.0670 0.0685 0.0614 0.0677
South African rand (ZAR)

Euro (Eur)                                            1.1586     1.1067  1.1691   1.1730
Chinese yuan renminbi (CNY)                           0.1562     0.1577  0.1479   0.1526

Brazilian real (BRL)                                  0.1891     0.2110  0.1830   0.1775
Indian rupee (INR)                                    0.0134     0.0132  0.0135   0.0137

Polish zloty (PLN)                                    0.2525     0.2382  0.2593   0.2533
Russian rouble (RUB)                                  0.0134     0.0122  0.0134   0.0132

Romanian lei (RON)                                    0.2346     0.2240  0.2405   0.2384
Turkish Lira (YTL)                                    0.0927     0.0681  0.1344   0.1212

British pound sterling (GBP)                          1.3620 1.3135 1.3152 1.3782

The average rates listed above are only approximate average rates for the year. The group measures separately the
transactions of each of its material operations, using the particular currency of the primary economic environment in
which the operation conducts its business, translated at the prevailing exchange rate on the transaction date.

154 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial risk management (continued)

41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
       41.1 Foreign exchange risk (continued)
       Financial risk factors (continued)
       Uncovered liabilities
       The below table details the group's unhedged liabilities that are denominated in a currency other than the functional
       currency of the settling entity:

                                                                           31 March 2022        31 March 2021

                                                                           Currency             Currency

                                                                           amount of            amount of

                                                                           liabilities          liabilities

                                                                           US$'m US$'m US$'m US$'m

Uncovered liabilities                                                      5 284        5 847   1 738        2 039
Euro                                                                           5             -    694           46
South African rand                                                                                 11           11
US dollar                                                                     13           13        1            1
British pound                                                                  1            2        -            2
Other                                                                           -           1

Derivative financial instruments

The following table details the group's derivative financial instruments:

                                                                           31 March 2022        31 March 2021
                                                                           Assets Liabilities   Assets Liabilities
                                                                           US$'m US$'m          US$'m US$'m

Current portion                                                            27           18      3              2
Forward exchange contracts
Derivatives contained in acquisition agreements                            -              -     15             -

Non-current portion                                                        27           18      18             2
Derivatives contained in lease agreements
Cross-currency interest rate swap                                          11             2     9              2

                                                                           2              -     -            30

                                                                           13             2     9            32

Total                                                                      40           20      27           34

The group's forward exchange contracts and cross-currency interest rate swap are subject to master netting
arrangements that allow for offsetting of asset and liability positions with the same counterparty in the event of
default. None of the group's forward exchange contracts and cross-currency interest rate swap agreement have been
offset in the statement of financial position. At 31 March 2022 and 2021, there were no contracts that could be offset
under the master netting arrangement.

155 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
     Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

     for the year ended 31 March 2022

     Financial risk management (continued)

41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
       41.2 Credit risk
        The group is exposed to credit risk relating to the following assets:

Trade receivables and accrued income balances
Trade receivables consist primarily of invoiced amounts from normal trading activities. The group has a diversified
customer base across various geographical areas. Various credit checks are performed on new debtors to determine
the quality of their credit history. These checks are also performed on existing debtors with long-overdue accounts.
Furthermore, current debtors are monitored to ensure they do not exceed their credit limits.

The group's trade receivables arise mainly in its etail, classifieds, media and online content businesses. Average
payment terms vary considerably between the group's businesses, given the diverse nature of their operations.
Average payment terms, however, generally do not exceed 60 days from date of invoice.

Accrued income balances relate to unbilled revenue that has been earned and have substantially similar risk
characteristics as trade receivables. Accrued income balances arise mainly in the group's etail, classifieds and
payments businesses and are included within "Other receivables" in the statement of financial position.

The group applies the simplified approach mandated by IFRS 9 Financial Instruments when measuring impairment loss
allowances related to trade receivables and accrued income balances and accordingly the group's impairment
allowances on these financial assets equal, at all times, the credit losses expected to arise over the lifetime of these
financial assets.

In measuring credit losses expected to arise over the lifetime of trade receivables and accrued income balances,
financial assets are grouped according to their shared credit characteristics and aging profile.

The quantification of credit losses expected to arise over the lifetime of trade receivables and accrued income
balances is based on:

(i)  the group's actual observed historical loss experience/rates within each business and

(ii) forward-looking information that is considered predictive of future credit losses within each business.

The historical loss experience/rates that are taken into account when determining impairment allowances is
determined with reference to representative sales periods within each business (typically not shorter than 12 months)
and the credit losses incurred over that period.

Forward-looking information considered in measuring lifetime expected credit losses include macroeconomic factors,
with the most significant factors considered being inflation and unemployment rate increases as these are considered
to most significantly affect the future ability of the group's customers to settle their accounts as they fall due for
payment. All forward-looking information considered is specific to the economy that most significantly affects the
underlying customer's ability to repay the relevant amount due, however, due to the recoverability of debt owing, the
group's credit losses on trade receivables and accrued income balances were not material. Due to the group's diverse
operations, the forward-looking information considered that the values assigned when calculating impairment
allowances vary by business type and country in which the customer is located.

156 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Financial risk management (continued)

41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
       41.2 Credit risk (continued)

       Related party loans and receivables
        Related party loans and receivables consist primarily of balances with a number of associates and joint ventures of the
        group. The measurement of the impairment loss allowance on these loans and receivables is based on the assessment
        of whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Management has assessed that the credit risk of these
        loans and receivables is based on the credit worthiness of the borrowers and their ability to repay the amounts owing.
        There has been no significant increase in the credit risk of the borrowers during the financial year. Consequently, the
        impairment loss allowance is based on a 12-month expected credit loss model. As the amounts owing are due by
        associates and joint ventures the impairment loss assessment took into account the credit rating of the borrower, the
        probability of default and actual performance against budgets and forecasts of group companies. Budget forecasts
        consider these equity-accounted investments businesses remaining operational. In addition, the associates and joint
        ventures have sufficient liquid assets and will therefore be able to settle their debt. As at 31 March 2022 and 31 March
        2021, impairment allowances on related party loans and receivables were not material.
       Other receivables
        Credit risk related to other receivables arises mainly from accrued income balances, merchant and bank receivables
        and disposal proceeds receivable.
        Accrued income
        The credit risk profile and impairment methodology applied to accrued income balance that are included within
        "Other receivables" in the statement of financial position is outlined above.
        Merchant and bank receivables
        Merchant and bank receivables balances relate to transactions, primarily in the group's payments and fintech, etail
        and food delivery segments, where the group facilitates the payment process between the end consumer and the
        provider of goods and services (i.e. the merchant).
        Impairment allowances are established on merchant and bank receivables by considering the group's historical loss
        experience/rates as well as forward-looking information which also considered the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic.
        The group also considers whether the underlying counterparty is a new or recurring customer. The credit risk inherent
        in merchant and bank receivables is also reduced by the group's right to offset amounts receivable from
        counterparties against the corresponding amounts payable to banks and other merchants (refer to note 40) in the
        event of default. An average payment term of 30 days generally apply to merchant and bank receivables. Merchant
        receivables are generally recovered in the month subsequent to the financial year end, as a result, impairment
        allowances are not significant.
        As at 31 March 2022, an impairment allowance of US$3.9m (2021: US$2.7m) has been recognised with respect to
        merchant and bank receivables.

157 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Financial risk management (continued)

41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
       41.2 Credit risk (continued)

       Other receivables (continued)
        Disposal proceeds receivable
        Disposal proceeds receivable relate to amounts held in escrow following disposals of group businesses to external
        parties. These amounts are generally held in escrow by the relevant purchaser as security for the group's warranty and
        indemnity obligations in terms of disposal agreements.
        The group assesses, on a continuing basis, whether a significant increase in credit risk has taken place with respect to
        the relevant underlying counterparty. At 31 March 2022, impairment allowances related to disposal proceeds
        receivable were not significant.
        Loan receivables
        Loan receivables are amounts owing to various third parties of the group including external service providers. The
        group assesses, on a continuing basis, whether a significant increase in credit risk has taken place with respect to the
        relevant underlying counterparty. At 31 March 2022, impairment allowances related to loan receivables amounted to
        US$7.1m (31 March 2021: US$2.1m).
       Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, derivative asset and investments at fair value through profit or
       loss
        The group is exposed to certain concentrations of credit risk relating to its cash and cash equivalents, short-term
        investments, derivative assets and investments at fair value through profit or loss. There are no significant
        concentrations of credit risk relating to these financial assets. The group places these instruments mainly with major
        banking groups and high-quality institutions that have high credit ratings. The group's treasury policy is designed to
        limit exposure to any one institution and to invest excess cash in low-risk investment accounts. As at 31 March 2022
        the group held the majority of its cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and derivative assets with local
        and international banks with a `Baa1' credit rating or higher. The majority of the group's short-term investments are
        placed with international banks with an `A1' credit rating (Moody's International's long-term deposit rating). The credit
        standings of counterparties that are used by the group are evaluated on a continuous basis.
        Total impairment losses on financial assets at amortised cost
        Total impairment losses (net of reversals) recorded on financial assets measured at amortised cost amounted to
        US$11.5m as at 31 March 2022 (2021: US9.1m). The assessment includes all reasonable and supportable information
        about the likelihood that counterparties would breach their agreed payment terms and any deterioration of their
        credit ratings. Where relevant, additional expected credit losses were accounted for when deemed necessary. As at 31
        March 2022, the impact of Covid-19 on the group's impairment allowances was not significant.

158 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial risk management (continued)

41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

41.3 Liquidity risk

Prudent liquidity risk management implies, among other aspects, maintaining sufficient cash and marketable

securities, the availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the ability to close
out market positions. In terms of the memorandum of incorporation of the company, no limitation is placed on its

borrowing capacity. The facilities expiring within one year are subject to renewal at various dates during the next year.

The group had the following unutilised banking facilities as at 31 March 2022 and 2021:

                                                                                                   31 March

                                                                                                   2022      2021

                                                                                                   US$'m US$'m

On call                                                                                              164        80
Expiring within one year                                                                              19        15
Expiring beyond one year                                                                                     2 500
                                                                                                   2 776
                                                                                                             2 595
                                                                                                   2 959

The following analysis details the remaining contractual maturity of the group's non-derivative liabilities and derivative
financial assets and liabilities. The analysis is based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the
earliest date on which the group can be required to settle the liability. The analysis includes both interest and principal
cash flows.

                                                                                                     31 March 2022

                                                     Carrying Contractual                  0 - 12    1-5
                                                                                         months     years
                                                      value cash flows                    US$'m    US$'m     5 years +
                                                                                                                US$'m
                                                     US$'m       US$'m

Non-derivative financial liabilities                    ( 345)      ( 393)                  ( 80)   ( 237)       ( 76)
Interest-bearing: Capitalised lease liabilities      (15 705)    (23 098)                 ( 464)   (3 813)   (18 821)
Interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities
Non-interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities        ( 81)      ( 109)                  ( 44)     ( 65)          -
Other current and non-current liabilities             (1 158)     (1 158)                (1 014)    ( 144)           -
Trade payables                                                                                                       -
Accrued expenses                                        ( 609)      ( 609)                ( 609)          -          -
Related party loans and payables                      (1 221)     (1 221)                (1 221)          -          -
Dividends payable                                                                                         -          -
Bank overdrafts                                            ( 6)        ( 6)                  ( 6)         -          -
Derivative financial assets/(liabilities)                  ( 2)        ( 2)                  ( 2)         -
Forward exchange contracts - inflow                      ( 18)       ( 18)                  ( 18)
Forward exchange contracts - outflow                                                                      -                   -
Derivatives contained in lease agreements - inflow         29      4 771                  4 771
Derivatives contained in lease agreements - outflow      ( 20)    (4 763)                (4 763)          -                   -
Cross-currency interest rate swap - inflow
Cross-currency interest rate swap - outflow                11          11                       -  11                         -
                                                           ( 2)        ( 2)                     -
                                                                     268                     12    ( 2)                       -
                                                             2      ( 267)                   ( 8)
                                                             -                                     256                        -

                                                                                                   ( 259)                     -

159 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Financial risk management (continued)

41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
       41.3 Liquidity risk (continued)

                                                                 Carrying              31 March 2021       1-5   5 years +
                                                                     value                                years  Restated
                                                                            Contractual 0 - 12        Restated
                                                                 Restated    cash flows months          US$'m       US$'m
                                                                   US$'m       Restated Restated
                                                                                  US$'m US$'m

Non-derivative financial liabilities                              ( 302)       ( 362)      ( 71)       ( 191)     ( 100)
Interest-bearing: Capitalised finance leases                     (7 890)    (12 117)     ( 244)       (2 584)    (9 289)
Interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities
Non-interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities                   ( 66)       ( 66)      ( 15)         ( 48)       ( 3)
Other non-current liabilities                                       ( 60)       ( 60)          -         ( 60)          -
Trade payables                                                    ( 395)       ( 395)                                   -
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities(1)                (2 356)     (2 356)     ( 395)              -          -
Related party payables                                                                  (2 356)              -          -
Dividends payable                                                    ( 4)         ( 4)                       -          -
Bank overdrafts                                                      ( 2)         ( 2)      ( 4)             -          -
                                                                     ( 9)         ( 9)      ( 2)             -
Derivative financial assets/(liabilities)                                                   ( 9)
Forward exchange contracts - inflow                                    3
Forward exchange contracts - outflow                                 ( 2)   3           3             -          -
Derivatives contained in acquisition agreements - inflow             15
Derivatives contained in lease agreements - inflow                          ( 2)        ( 2)          -          -
Derivatives contained in lease agreements - outflow                    9
Cross-currency interest rate swap - inflow                           ( 2)   15          15
Cross-currency interest rate swap - outflow
                                                                        -   9           -             9          -
(1) Includes written put option liabilities - refer to note 32.     ( 30)
                                                                            ( 2)        -             ( 2)       -

                                                                            977         43            934        -

                                                                            (1 011)     ( 30) ( 981)             -

41.4 Interest rate risk
As part of the process of managing the group's fixed and floating borrowings mix, the interest rate characteristics of
new borrowings and the refinancing of existing borrowings are positioned according to expected movements in
interest rates. Where appropriate, the group uses derivative financial instruments, such as interest rate swap
agreements, purely for hedging purposes. The fair value of these instruments will not change significantly as a result of
changes in interest rates due to their short-term nature and floating interest rates. Refer to note 31 for the interest
rate profiles and repayment terms of long-term liabilities as at 31 March 2022 and 2021.

Interest rate sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for both derivative and
non-derivative instruments at the statement of financial position date (after taking into account the effect of hedge
accounting) and the stipulated change taking place at the beginning of the next financial year and held constant
throughout the reporting period in the case of instruments that have floating rates. The group is mainly exposed to
interest rate fluctuations of the South African, American, European, Brazilian, Russian and London repo rates.
Management's best estimate of the possible change in these interest rates is an increase of 100 basis points (2021:
100 basis points for all rates) for South African and European repo rates, an increase of 300 basis points for Brazilian,
London and Johannesburg Interbank Average Rate. Best estimate of the possible change in Russian key rate to the
interest rates is an increase of 500 basis points.

If interest rates changed as stipulated above and all other variables were held constant, specifically foreign exchange
rates, the group's net profit after tax and total equity for the year ended 31 March 2022 would increase by US$83.4m
as at 31 March 2022 (2021: increase by US$6.9m).

160 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial risk management (continued)

41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
       41.5 Price risk

        During the 31 March 2022 financial year, the group increased its shareholding in Delivery Hero by 2.5% to 27% from
        25%. The additional investment was acquired initially as a call option to acquire the shares subject to competition
        approval, which was considered highly probable. The group applied cash flow hedge accounting to the highly probable
        forecast acquisition of this additional investment, hedging the exposure to future share price increases in Delivery
        Hero shares between the date the call option was acquired, and the date approval was granted to acquire the
        additional shares. The additional investment in Delivery Hero was based on the fair value of the call option on the date
        that the approval was granted (US$817m) and the accumulated losses in the cash flow hedge reserve (US$119m). The
        accumulated losses within the cash flow hedge reserve were included in the cost of the investment, as based on the
        group's judgement the investment in associate is a non-financial asset. The resulting additional investment in Delivery
        Hero recognised after the basis adjustment was US$936m.

       Price risk sensitivity analysis
        The group has various listed investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. The group's
        sensitivity to a 10% decrease in the share price of these investments will result in a US$476.7m decrease in other
        comprehensive income (2021: US$146.4m).

42. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The carrying values, net gains and losses recognised in profit or loss, total interest income, total interest expense and
impairment per class of financial instrument are as follows:

                                                                31 March 2022

                                                                Net

                                                                gains/

                                                                (losses)

                                                                recog-

                                                                nised     Total

                                                      Carrying  in profit interest  Impair-
                                                         value                        ment
                                                        US$'m   or loss income       US$'m

                                                                US$'m US$'m

Assets                                                5 606     3              -    -
Investments and loans
                                                      64        3              -    -
  Financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                      5 540     -              -    -
  Financial assets at fair value through other
  comprehensive income(2)                             2         -              -    -
  Other loans and investments(3)

Receivables and loans(3)                              1 224     31             20   16

  Trade receivables(2)                                318       ( 3)           -    5
  Other receivables(2)
  Related party receivables                           650       -              6    11
Derivative financial instruments(1)
                                                      256       34             14   -

                                                      40        4              -    -

  Forward exchange contracts                          27        ( 2)           -    -
  Cross currency interest rate swap
  Derivatives contained in lease agreements           2         -              -    -
Short-term investments(3)
Cash and cash equivalents(1)(3)(2)                    11        6              -    -

                                                      3 924     ( 63)          8    -

                                                      9 733     ( 29)          36   -

Total                                                 20 527    ( 54)          64   16

(1) Measured at fair value through profit or loss. Cash and cash equivalents include money market funds which are part of cash and cash
     equivalents.

(2) During the year losses of US$509.4m (2021: a gain of US$555.4.m) was recognised in other comprehensive income with respect to the group's
     financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

(3) Measured at amortised cost.

161 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial risk management (continued)

42. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

                                                      31 March 2022

                                                                                                                                 Net
                                                                                                                              gains/

                                                                                                                              (losses)

                                                                                                                              recog-

                                                                                                                              nised     Total

                                                      Carrying in profit interest

                                                      value or loss expense

                                                      US$'m US$'m US$'m

Liabilities                                           16 078                                                                  68        392
Long-term liabilities(1)
                                                         273                                                                  -         14
  Interest-bearing: Capitalised lease liabilities        243
  Interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities       15 368                                                                  -         16
  Interest-bearing: Bonds
  Non-interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities        50                                                                 68        362
  Other non-current liabilities(2)                       144
                                                                                                                              -         -
Short-term payables and loans(1)
                                                                                                                              -         -
  Interest-bearing: Capitalised lease liabilities
  Interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities       3 050                                                                   27        12
  Non-interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities
  Trade payables                                      73                                                                      -         3
  Other current liabilities(2)
                                                      94                                                                      -         2
  Accrued expenses
  Related party payables                              31                                                                      -         -
  Foreign currency intergroup payables
  Dividends payable                                   609                                                                     ( 7)      -
Derivative financial instruments(3)
                                                      1 014                                                                   14
  Forward exchange contracts
  Derivatives contained in lease agreements           1 221                                                                   6         7
Bank overdrafts(1)
                                                      6                                                                       -         -
Total
                                                      -                                                                       14        -

                                                      2                                                                       -         -

                                                      20                                                                      7         -

                                                      18                                                                      8         -

                                                      2                                                                       ( 1)      -

                                                      18                                                                      -         7

                                                      19 166                                                                  102       4171

(1) Measured at amortised cost except for earn-out obligations included in non-interest bearing loans and other liabilities.
(2) Includes written put option liabilities (Refer to note 32).
(3) Measured at fair value through profit or loss.

162 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Financial risk management (continued)

42. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

       The carrying values of all financial instruments, apart from those disclosed below, are considered to be a reasonable
       approximation of their fair values. The carrying values of these financial instruments are considered to be a reasonable
       approximation of the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
       transaction between market participants.
       The fair value of the group's publicly traded bonds are detailed below:

Financial liabilities                         Carrying          Fair   Level 1 Level 2       Level 3
                                                 value        value    US$'m US$'m           US$'m
                                                US$'m        US$'m

31 March 2022                                 15 368 13 056            - 13 056              -
Publicly traded bonds

31 March 2021                                         7 796  7 935     -         7 935       -
Publicly traded bonds

The fair values of the publicly traded bonds have been determined with reference to the listed prices of the
instruments as at the end of the reporting period. The fair value of the publicly traded bonds are level 2 financial
instruments. The publicly traded bonds are listed on the Irish Stock Exchange (Euronext Dublin).

                                                                       31 March 2021

                                                                       Net

                                                                       gains/

                                                                       (losses)

                                                                       recog-

                                                                       nised     Total

                                                             Carrying  in profit interest    Impair-
                                                                value                        ment(1)
                                                               US$'m   or loss(1) income(1)  US$'m

                                                                       US$'m US$'m

Assets

Investments and loans                                        2 879     -              -      -

Financial assets at fair value through

profit or loss                                               1 258     -              -      -

Financial assets at fair value through other

comprehensive income(2)                                      1 608     -              -      -

Other loans and receivables(3)                               13        -              -      -

Receivables and loans(3)                                     755       46             36     15

Trade receivables                                            185       2              -      10
Other receivables
                                                             386       -              33     5

Foreign currency intergroup receivables                      -         44             -      -

  Related party receivables                                  184       -              3      -
Derivative financial instruments(1)
                                                             27        185            -      -

Forward exchange contracts                                   3         ( 6)           -      -
Cross-currency interest rate swap
                                                             15        189            -      -

Derivatives contained in lease agreements                    9         2              -      -

Short-term investments(3)                                    1 439     ( 5)           21     -
Cash and cash equivalents(1)(3)
                                                             3 758     26             44     -

Total                                                        8 858     252       101         15

(1) Measured at fair value through profit or loss. Cash and cash equivalents include money market funds which are part of cash and cash equivalents.
(2) During the prior year gains of US$669.0m was recognised in other comprehensive income with respect to the group's financial assets at fair value
t(3h)rMouegahsuortehderactoammporrethiseendsicvoesitn. come.

163 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial risk management (continued)

42. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

                                                                                                                              31 March 2021

                                                                                                                                    Net
                                                                                                                                 gains/

                                                                                                                                 (losses)

                                                                                                                                 recog-

                                                                                                                                 nised       Total

                                                      Carrying in profit interest

                                                      value                                                                      or los expense

                                                      US$'m US$'m US$'m

Liabilities                                           8 208                                                                      ( 3)        248
Long-term liabilities(1)
                                                      240                                                                        -           13
  Interest-bearing: Capitalised finance leases
  Interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities       7 860                                                                      ( 3)        232
  Non-interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities
  Other non-current liabilities                       48                                                                         -           3
Short-term payables and loans(1)
                                                      60                                                                         -           -
  Interest-bearing: Capitalised finance leases
  Interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities       2 867                                                                      ( 30)       16
  Non-interest-bearing: Loans and other liabilities
  Trade payables                                      62                                                                         ( 1)        3
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities(2)
                                                      30                                                                         ( 2)        2
  Related party payables
  Foreign currency intergroup payables                18                                                                         ( 1)        -
  Dividends payable
Derivative financial instruments(3)                   395                                                                        ( 2)        -

  Forward exchange contracts                          2 356                                                                      4           11
  Derivatives contained in lease agreements
  Cross-currency interest rate swap                   4                                                                          -           -
Bank overdrafts(1)
                                                                                                                              -  ( 28)       -

                                                      2                                                                          -           -

                                                      34                                                                         ( 58)       -

                                                      2                                                                          ( 27)       -

                                                      2                                                                          -           -

                                                      30                                                                         ( 31)       -

                                                      9                                                                          -           4

Total                                                 11 118                                                                     ( 91)       268

(1) Measured at amortised cost except for earn-out obligations included in non-interest bearing loans and other liabilities.
(2) Includes written put option liabilities (Refer to note 32).
(3) Measured at fair value through profit or loss.

The group categorises fair-value measurements into levels 1 to 3 of the fair value hierarchy based on the degree to
which the inputs used in measuring fair value are observable:

 Level 1 fair-value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical
      assets or liabilities.

 Level 2 fair-value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1
      that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
      The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in active markets (for example, derivatives such as
      interest rate swaps, forward exchange contracts and certain options) is determined through valuation techniques.
      These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as
      possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to measure the fair value of an instrument
      are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

 Level 3 fair-value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or

      liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

164 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Financial risk management (continued)

42. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
       Valuation techniques and key inputs used to measure significant level 2 and level 3 fair values

       Level 2 fair-value measurements
         Forward exchange contracts ­ in measuring the fair value of forward exchange contracts, the group makes use of

             market observable quotes of forward foreign exchange rates on instruments that have a maturity similar to the
             maturity profile of the group's forward exchange contracts. Key inputs used in measuring the fair value of forward
             exchange contracts include: current spot exchange rates, market forward exchange rates and the term of the
             group's forward exchange contracts.
         Cross-currency interest rate swap ­ the fair value of the group's interest rate and cross-currency swaps is
             determined through the use of discounted cash flow techniques using only market observable information. Key
             inputs used in measuring the fair value of interest rate and cross-currency swaps include: spot market interest
             rates, contractually fixed interest rates, foreign exchange rates, counterparty credit spreads, notional amounts on
             which interest rate swaps are based, payment intervals, risk-free interest rates as well as the duration of the
             relevant interest rate and cross-currency swap arrangement.
         Cash and cash equivalents ­ relate to short-term bank deposits which are money-market investments held with
             major banking groups and high-quality institutions that have AAA money market fund credit ratings from
             internationally recognised ratings agencies. The fair value of these deposits is determined by the amounts
             deposited and the gains or losses generated by the funds as detailed in the statements provided by these
             Institutions. The gains/losses are recognised in the income statement.
         Financial assets at fair value ­ relates to a contractual right to receive shares or cash. The fair value is based on a
             listed share price on the date the transaction was entered into.
        Level 3 fair-value measurements
         Financial assets at fair value ­ relate predominantly to unlisted equity investments. The fair value of these
             investments is based on the most recent funding transactions for these investments.
         Derivatives contained in lease agreements ­ relate to foreign currency forwards embedded in lease contracts. The
             fair value of the derivatives is based on forward foreign exchange rates that have a maturity similar to the lease
             contracts and the contractually specified lease payments.
         Earn-out obligations ­ relate to amounts that are payable to the former owners of businesses now controlled by
             the group provided that contractually stipulated post-combination performance criteria are met. These are
             remeasured to fair value at the end of each reporting period. Key inputs used in measuring fair value include:
             current forecasts of the extent to which management believe performance criteria will be met, discount rates
             reflecting the time value of money and contractually specified earn-out payments.
       Instruments not measured at fair value for which fair value is disclosed
       Level 2 ­ the fair values of the publicly traded bonds have been determined with reference to the listed prices of
             the instruments at the reporting date. As the instruments are not actively traded, this is a level 2 disclosure.

165 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial risk management (continued)

42. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

       The fair values of the group's financial instruments that are measured at fair value at each reporting period are
       categorised as follows:

                                                                            31 March 2022

                                                                      Fair  Level 1  Level 2   Level 3
                                                                    value   US$'m    US$'m     US$'m
                                                                   US$'m

Assets                                                             5 540    4 767          -   773
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              64       19             -   45
Forward exchange contracts
Derivatives contained in lease agreements                          27       -              27  -
Cash and cash equivalents(1)
                                                                   11       -              -   11
Cross-currency interest rate swap
                                                                   928      -        928       -
Total
                                                                   2        -              2   -

                                                                   6 572    4 786    957       829

Liabilities                                                        18       -              18  -
Forward exchange contracts
Derivatives contained in lease agreements                          2        -              -   2
Earn-out obligations
                                                                   20       -              -   20
Total
                                                                   40       -              18  22

(1) Relates to short-term bank deposits which are money market investment held with major banking groups and high-quality institutions that have
AAA money market fund credit ratings from internationally recognised rating agencies.

                                                                            31 March 2021

                                                                      Fair  Level 1  Level 2   Level 3
                                                                    value   US$'m    US$'m     US$'m
                                                                   US$'m

Assets                                                             1 608    1 465          4   139

Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  1 258    -        1 242     16
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Forward exchange contracts                                         3        -              3   -
Derivatives contained in lease agreements
Cash and cash equivalents(1)                                       9        -              -   9

Derivatives contained in acquisition agreements                    996      -        996       -

                                                                   15       15             -

Total                                                              3 889    1 480    2 245     164

Liabilities                                                        2        -              2   -
Forward exchange contracts
Derivatives contained in lease agreements                          2        -              -   2
Earn-out obligations
Cross-currency interest rate swaps                                 13       -              -   13

Total                                                              30       -              30  -

                                                                   47       -              32  15

(1)Relates to short-term bank deposits which are money market investment held with major banking groups and high-quality institutions that have
AAA money market fund credit ratings from internationally recognised rating agencies.

166 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
   Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

   for the year ended 31 March 2022

   Financial risk management (continued)

42. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

       The following table shows a reconciliation of the group's level 3 financial instruments:
                                                                                                                 31 March 2022

                                                          Earn-out    Financial Derivatives                                        Financial
                                                               obli-  assets at embedded                                           assets at
                                                                       FVOCI(1) in leases
                                                           gations                                                                   FVPL(2)
                                                                      US$'m  US$'m
                                                            US$'m                                                                     US$'m

Balance at 1 April 2021                                   (13)        139                                                       7  16
Additions
Total gains recognised in other comprehensive income      -           582                                                       -  23
Total (losses)/ gains recognised in the income statement
Settlements/disposals                                     -           107                                                       -  -
Foreign currency translation effects
Transfers                                                 ( 9)        -                                                         2  6

Total                                                     1           ( 46)                                                     -  -

                                                          1           1                                                         -  -

                                                          -           ( 10)                                                     -  -

                                                          ( 20)       773                                                       9  45

                                                          Earn-out      31 March 2021                                              Financial
                                                               obli-  Financial Derivatives                                        assets at
                                                                      assets at embedded
                                                           gations     FVOCI(1) in leases                                            FVPL(2)

                                                            US$'m     US$'m  US$'m                                                   US$'m

Balance at 1 April 2020                                        ( 22)  90                                                        4         13
Additions                                                       ( 1)                                                                       3
Total losses recognised in the income statement                       76                                                        3           -
Total gains recognised in other comprehensive income           ( 10)                                                                        -
Settlements/disposals                                              -  -                                                         -           -

Total                                                           20    24                                                        -         16

                                                               ( 13)  ( 51)                                                     -

                                                                      139                                                       7

(1) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.
(2) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

 There was a transfer of US$4.4m (2021: US$nil) from level 2 to level 1 and another transfer of US$9.9m (2021: US$nil)
 from level 3 to level 1, during the current year.

.

167 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other disclosures

43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES

       The group entered into transactions and has balances with a number of related parties, including associates, joint
       ventures, directors (key management personnel), and shareholders. Transactions that are eliminated on consolidation
       as well as gains or losses eliminated through the application of the equity method are not included. The transactions
       and balances with related parties are summarised below:

                                                         31 March

                                                         2022      2021

                                                         US$'m US$'m

Sale of goods and services to related parties(1)         12                                                         18

EMPG Holdings Limited                                    14                                                         3
Bom Negocio Atividades de Internet Ltda (OLX Brazil)
Skillsoft Corp                                           34                                                         -

                                                         60                                                         21

(1) The group receives revenue from a number of its related parties in connection with service agreements. The nature of these related party
relationships are that of associates and joint ventures.

The balances of advances, deposits, receivables and payables between the group and related parties are as follows:

                                                         31 March

                                                          2022      2021
                                                         US$'m     US$'m

Loans and receivables(1)                                 219       171
Bom Negocio Atividades de Internet Ltda (OLX Brazil)(2)
                                                         21                                                         -
Inversiones CMR S.A.S
GoodGuyz Investments B.V.                                6                                                          -
Silvergate Capital Corporation
Various other related parties                            4                                                          -
Less: allowance for impairment losses(3)
                                                         6                                                          13

                                                         -                                                          -

Total related party receivables                           256       184
Less: non-current portion of related party receivables   ( 243)    ( 174)

Current portion of related party receivables                13        10

(1) The group provides services and loan funding to a number of its related parties. The nature of these related party relationships are that of equity-accounted
investments.
(2) OLX Brazil acquired an interest in Grupo Zap in prior year. The acquisition was partially funded via a contribution and loan funding from the group. Refer to
note 6. The loan is repayable by October 2035 and is interest free until April 2022. Subsequently interest is charged annually at SELIC+2%.
(3) Impairment allowance for related parties is based on a 12-month expected credit loss model and was not material. Refer to note 41.

Purchases of goods and services from related parties amounted to US$2.4m (2021: US$nil) and amounts payable to
related parties amounted to US$5.5m (2021: US$4.1m). These amounts are not considered significant and relate to
various related parties, most of which are equity-accounted investments of the group.

168 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other disclosures (continued)

43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)
       Directors' remuneration

                                                                                                   31 March

                                                                                                   2022            2021

                                                                                                   US$'000 US$'000

Non-executive directors                                                                            4 277           4 349
  fees for services as directors                                                                     505             487
  fees for services as directors of subsidiary companies
                                                                                                   4 782           4 836
No executive director has a notice period of more than one year.

The company directors' service contracts do not include predetermined compensation as a result of termination that
would exceed one year's salary and benefits and none are linked to any restraint payments.

The individual directors received the following remuneration and emoluments:

                                                Annual short-                       Annual long-         Pension
                                               term incentive                     term incentive   contributions
                                                                                   payments(1)(2)
                                      Salary                            payments                       and other      Total
                                                                                          US$'000        benefits  US$'000
                                      US$'000                           US$'000                           paid on
                                                                                                        behalf of
                                                                                                         director

                                                                                                         US$'000

Executive directors

2022

V Sgourdos                            1 200                             864       7 948            109             10 121

Paid by other companies in the group

B van Dijk                            1 435                             897       13 412           139             15 883

Paid by other companies in the group

                                      2 635                             1 761     21 360           248             26 004

2021                                  1 143                             1 143     8 087            109             10 482
V Sgourdos

Paid by other companies in the group

B van Dijk                            1 448                             1 424     13 647           142             16 661

Paid by other companies in the group

                                      2591                              2567      21 734           251             27 143

(1) Long term incentive payments include PSUs, SARs and share options.

(2) The IFRS 2 expense recognised for unvested and vested but unexercised LTI awards as at 31 March 2022 is a credit of US$26.9m (2021: debit of
US$155.4m) for the CEO and debit of US$4.2m (2021: debit of US$18.9m) for the CFO.

169 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other disclosures (continued)

43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)

Directors' remuneration (continued)

Annual performance-related short-term incentive (STI) payments made in respect of the 2021/2022 performance year
for Basil Sgourdos and Bob van Dijk were based on a combination of group financial, strategic and operational
objectives, approved by the human resources and remuneration committee. These group financial objectives had a
weighting of 50% of maximum annual STI.
The individual directors received the following remuneration and emoluments during the current financial year:

                                                                                           2022(1)

Non-executive directors     Directors' fees        Committee and         Other fees(2)      Total
                           Paid by Paid by           trustee fees      Paid by Paid by   US$'000
                         company subsidiary                          company subsidiary
                          US$'000 US$'000          Paid by Paid by    US$'000 US$'000
                                                 company subsidiary
                                                  US$'000 US$'000

J P Bekker(3)                        558    24        -    8         -  -                590
E M Choi(4)
H J du Toit(5)                       109    -         27   -         -  -                136
C L Enenstein
D G Eriksson(6)                      -      -         -    -         -  -                -
M Girotra
R C C Jafta                          244    -         110  -         -  50               404
AGZ Kemna(7)
F L N Letele                         -      -         -    -         -  -                -
D Meyer
R Oliveira de Lima                   234    -         52   -         -  -                286
S J Z Pacak
M R Sorour(8)                        244    72        127  42        -  -                485
J D T Stofberg
B J van der Ross(9)                  160    -         54                                 214
Y Xu
                                     244    -         27   -         -  -                271

                                     241    -         67   -         -  -                308

                                     244    -         56   -         -  50               350

                                     244    -         205  -         -  -                449

                                     244    139       -    -         -  120              503

                                     244    -         27   -         -  -                271

                                     244    -         27   -         -  -                271

                                     244    -         -    -         -  -                244

                                     3 498  235       779  50        -  220              4 782

(1) Following the listing of Prosus, non-executive directors serve on the boards of both Naspers and Prosus. As a result of the non-executive directors assuming dual
responsibilities the fees were split between Naspers and Prosus on a 30/70 basis.
(2) Compensation for assignments.
(3) Koos Bekker elected to donate the rand equivalent of his director's fees, being [R8.5m] (pre-tax), to education. This year the recipient was the primary Volkskool in
Heidelberg, South Africa.
(4) Emilie Choi resigned with effect from 26 August 2021.
(5)Hendrik Du Toit elected not to receive directors' fees.
(6) Retired with effect from 1 April 2021.
(7) Appointed with effect from 15 April 2021.
(8) Mark Sorour received US$15 085,63 from MIH Holdings Proprietary Limited for the period 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022. This payment relates to the increased cost of
medical aid for retired members of the MMED medical aid scheme as a result of the unbundling of MultiChoice Group. The company will provide an annual allowance to
cover the difference in cost for retired scheme members during FY20 and FY21, however, this was extended to FY22. This is not disclosed in the above table.
(9) Retired with effect from 1 April 2022.

General notes

Directors' fees include fees for services as directors, where appropriate, of Media24 Proprietary Limited. An additional
fee may be paid to directors for work done as directors with specific expertise.

Committee fees include fees for attending meetings of the audit committee, risk committee, human resources and
remuneration committee, nomination committee and social, ethics and sustainability committee. Committee and
trustee fees include, where appropriate, fees to be considered by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on 27
August 2021 for services as trustees of the group's share-incentive schemes. Non-executive directors are subject to
regulations on appointment and rotation in terms of the company's memorandum of incorporation and the South
African Companies Act.

170 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other disclosures (continued)

43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)

Directors' remuneration (continued)

Non-executive directors are subject to regulations on appointment and rotation in terms of the company's
memorandum of incorporation and the South African Companies Act.

Non-executive directors     Directors' fees                  2021(1)      Other fees(2)                      Total
                           Paid by Paid by                              Paid by Paid by                   US$'000
                         company subsidiary     Committee and         company subsidiary
                          US$'000 US$'000         trustee fees         US$'000 US$'000

                                                Paid by Paid by
                                              company subsidiary
                                               US$'000 US$'000

J P Bekker(3)            533            22            -    7          -   -                               562
E M Choi
H J du Toit(4)           224            -             64   -          -   -                               288
C L Enenstein
D G Eriksson                         -  -             -    -          -   -                               -
M Girotra(5)
R C C Jafta              234            -             105  -          -   50                              389
F L N Letele
D Meyer                  234            -             260  -          -   -                               494
R Oliveira de Lima
S J Z Pacak              234            -             49   -          -   -                               283
T M F Phaswana(6)
M R Sorour(7)            234            65            150  23         -   -                               472
J D T Stofberg
B J van der Ross         231            -             26   -          -   -                               257
Y Xu(8)
                         234            -             26   -          -   -                               260

                         234            -             53   -          -   50                              337

                         234            -             59   -          -   -                               293

                                     -  -             -    -          -   -                               -

                         234            150           -    -          -   120                             504

                         231            -             26   -          -   -                               257

                         234            -             29   -          -   -                               263

                         177            -             -                                                   177

                         3 502          237-          847  30-        --  220-                            4 836

(1) Following the listing of Prosus, non-executive directors serve on the boards of both Naspers and Prosus. As a result of the non-executive directors assuming dual
responsibilities the fees were split between Naspers and Prosus on a 30/70 basis.
(2) Compensation for assignments.
(3) Koos Bekker elected to donate the rand equivalent of his director's fees, being R3.6m (pre-tax), to education. This year the recipient was the primary Volkskool in
Heidelberg, South Africa.
(4) Hendrik Du Toit elected not to receive directors' fees.
(5) Retired with effect from 1 April 2021.
(6) Retired with effect from 1 April 2020.
(7) Mark Sorour received US$13 078,95 from MIH Holdings Proprietary Limited for the period 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021. This payment relates to the increased cost of
medical aid for retired members of the MMED medical aid scheme as a result of the unbundling of MultiChoice Group. The company will provide an annual allowance to
cover the difference in cost for retired scheme members during FY20 and FY21 only. This is not disclosed in the above table.
(8) Appointed on 26 June 2020 as a director of Naspers and on 18 August 2020 as a director of Prosus.

171 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other disclosures (continued)

43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)
       Directors' interests in Naspers scheme shares in the group's equity compensation plans

        The executive directors of Naspers are allowed to participate in Naspers group share-based incentive schemes
        (including those of associate companies and joint ventures). Details as at 31 March 2022 in respect of the executive
        directors' participation in such scheme shares not yet released, are as follows:

Name  Incentive scheme    Offer date  Number of       Purchase     Release period                                                                   Value of
      MIH Internet       25/06/2018        shares           price      25/06/2022                                                                   option(1)
                                            8 277                                                                                                 R1 351.31
                                                      R3 100.99
                                                                                                                                               R1 293.01 to
      Holdings BV Share                                                                                                                           R1 456.05

V Sgourdos Trust(2)                                                                                                                            R1 157.09 to
                                                                                                                                                  R1 329.25
      MIH Internet       16/07/2019   4 107           R3 494.00    16/07/2022 to
                                                                                                                                               R1 055.97 to
      Holdings BV Share                                            16/07/2023                                                                     R1 290.21

      Trust                                                                                                                                       US$31.14

      MIH Internet       21/09/2020   6315            R2 827.88    21/09/2022 to                                                                  US$31.38

      Holdings BV Share                                            21/09/2024                                                                     US$26.68

      Trust                                                                                                                                    US$25.58 to
                                                                                                                                                  US$29.40
      MIH Internet       13/07/2021   5 489           R2 819,37    13/07/2022 to
                                                                                                                                               US$24.77 to
      Holdings BV Share                                            13/07/2025                                                                     US$30.41

      Trust                                                                                                                                    US$21.02 to
                                                                                                                                                  US$26.62
      Naspers Global     15/08/2017   25 354          US$27.25     15/08/2022                                                                     R3 528.34
                                                                                                                                                  R2 827.88
      Ecommerce SAR                                                                                                                               R2 945.46

      Naspers Global     08/09/2017   21 020          US$27.60     08/09/2022                                                                   Eur24.56 to
                                                                                                                                                   Eur28.53
      Ecommerce SAR                                                                                                                               Eur 67.32

      Naspers Global     25/06/2018   53 692          US$33.57     25/06/2022

      Ecommerce SAR

      Naspers Global     16/07/2019   113 253         US$36.70     16/07/2022 to

      Ecommerce SAR                                                16/07/2023

      Naspers Global     21/09/2020   111 238         US$41.98     21/09/2022 to

      Ecommerce SAR                                                21/09/2024

      Naspers Global     21/06/2021   92 661          US$63.89     21/06/2022 to

      Ecommerce SAR                                                21/06/2025

      Naspers PSU        09/09/2019   12 718          -            30/06/2022

      Naspers PSU        21/09/2020   28 623          -            21/09/2023

      Naspers PSU        21/06/2021   16 472          -            21/06/2024

      Prosus N.V. Share  26/08/2021   5442            Eur71.61     26/08/2022 to

      Option Plan                                                  26/08/2025

      Prosus PSU         26/08/2021   15 995          -            26/08/2024

(1) The value of the option represents the fair value on grant date in accordance with IFRS in the respective scheme currency.
(2) Following the listing of Prosus on 11 September 2019, the MIH Services FZ LLC trust was renamed the MIH Internet Holdings BV Share Trust.

172 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other disclosures (continued)

43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)
       Directors' interests in Naspers scheme shares in the group's share incentive schemes (continued)

Name        Incentive scheme       Offer date  Number of     Purchase    Release period                                                        Value of
            MIH Internet           25/06/2018       shares        price        25/06/2022                                                      option(1)

                                                     15 287  R3 100.99                                                                         R1 351.31

B van Dijk  Holdings BV Share (2)

            MIH Internet           16/07/2019  7 919         R3 494.00   16/07/2022 to R1 293.01 to

            Holdings BV Share                                            16/07/2023                                                            R1 456.05

            Trust

            MIH Internet           21/09/2020  10 656        R2 827.88   21/09/2022 to R1 157.09 to

            Holdings BV Share                                            21/09/2024                                                            R1 329.25

            Trust

            MIH Internet           13/07/2021  9 264         R2 819,37   13/07/2022 to R1 055.97 to

            Holdings BV Share                                            13/07/2025                                                            R1 290.21

            Trust

            Naspers Global         15/08/2017  146 789       US$27.25    15/08/2022                                                            US$31.14

            Ecommerce SAR

            Naspers Global         08/09/2017  35 055        US$27.60    08/09/2022                                                            US$31.38

            Ecommerce SAR

            Naspers Global         25/06/2018  104 610       US$33.57    25/06/2022                                                            US$26.68

            Ecommerce SAR

            Naspers Global         16/07/2019  218 416       US$36.70    16/07/2022 to US$25.58 to

            Ecommerce SAR                                                16/07/2023                                                            US$29.40

            Naspers Global         21/09/2020  187 714       US$41.98    21/09/2022 to US$24.77 to

            Ecommerce SAR                                                21/09/2024                                                            US$30.41

            Naspers Global         21/06/2021  156 368       US$63.89    21/09/2022 to US$21.02 to

            Ecommerce SAR                                                21/09/2025                                                            US$26.62

            Naspers PSU            09/09/2019  24 527        -           30/06/2022                                                            R3 528.34

            Naspers PSU            21/09/2020  48 302        -           21/09/2023                                                            R2 827.88

            Naspers PSU            21/06/2021  27 796        -           21/06/2024                                                            R2 945.46

            Prosus N.V. Share      26/08/2021  9 183         Eur 71.61   26/08/2022 to                                                         Eur24.56 to

            option plan                                                  26/08/2025                                                            Eur 28.53

            Prosus PSU             26/08/2021  26 993        -           26/08/2024                                                            Eur67.32

(1) The value of the option represents the fair value on grant date in accordance with IFRS in the respective scheme currency.
(2) Following the listing of Prosus on 11 September 2019, the MIH Services FZ LLC trust was renamed the MIH Internet Holdings BV Share Trust.

173 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other disclosures (continued)

43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)

Directors' interests in Naspers shares

The directors of Naspers have the following interests in Naspers A ordinary shares at 31 March:

                                                      2022                                       2021

                                        Naspers A ordinary shares                 Naspers A ordinary shares

                                                   Beneficial                     Beneficial

Name                                    Direct Indirect             Total Direct Indirect                       Total

J D T Stofberg(1)                                  -           175  175           -              175            175
S J Z Pacak(1)
                                                   -           105  105           -              105            105

                                                   -           280  280           -              280            280

(1) Additional Naspers A shares received as part of the Naspers A share capitalisation award approved by shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting on 23 August
   2019.

Koos Bekker and Cobus Stofberg each have an indirect 25% interest in Wheatfields 221 Proprietary Limited, which
controls 168 605 Naspers Beleggings (RF) Beperk ordinary shares, 16 860 500 Keeromstraat 30 Beleggings (RF) Beperk
ordinary shares and 179 989 Naspers A shares.

No other director of Naspers had any direct interest in Naspers A ordinary shares at 31 March 2022 or 31 March 2021.

The directors of Naspers (and their associates) had the following interests in Naspers N ordinary shares as at

31 March:

                                                      2022                                       2021

                                        Naspers N ordinary shares                 Naspers N ordinary shares

                                        Beneficial                                Beneficial

Name                                    Direct Indirect(1)          Total Direct Indirect                       Total

J P Bekker(2)                                   -  1 687 887        1 687 887             -      4 688 691      4 688 691
H J Du Toit(2)                             1 265              -          1 265       3 512                  -        3 512
C L Enenstein                                                              415                                         415
F L N Letele(3)                                 -         415            2 604            -             415          2 604
S J Z Pacak(2)                             2 604              -                      2 604                  -
V Sgourdos(2)(4)                        113 986                       196 786     316 635                         450 635
M R Sorour(2)                            11 694       82 800          116 089      32 483          134 000        130 893
J D T Stofberg(2)                          1 349     104 395          167 985        2 145          98 410        161 440
B J van der Ross(2)                      81 028      166 636          372 916     183 317                         475 205
B van Dijk(2)                                        291 888                         2 550         159 295
Y Xu                                         918                         1 213     51 809          291 888           3 370
                                         18 651           295       1 107 608                                   1055 737
                                                   1 088 957                              -             820
                                                -                              -                 1003 928                  -
                                                              -
                                                                                                            -

                                        231 495 3 423 273 3 654 768 595 055 6 377 447 6 972 502

(1) Naspers SOs that have been released (vested), but have not yet been exercised, are included in the indirect column:
         Bob van Dijk ­ 1 088 957 (2021: 1 003 928). Basil Sgourdos ­ 104 395 (2021: 98 410). Mark Sorour - 166 194 (2021: 158 853). Steve Pacak ­ 54 000 (2021: 54 000)..

(2) Each of these directors participated in the share exchange which was approved by shareholders on 9 July 2021 and concluded on 16 August 2021. As part of this transaction, the directors traded a
         portion of their Naspers N ordinary shares in exchange for Prosus ordinary shares.

(3) On interrogation of the Naspers certificated register, the direct holding has been restated. The comparative has also been restated
(4) On 31 January 2022, Basil has exercised 11 124 Naspers and Prosus options and decided to dispose of the Naspers N ordinary shares he received and to retain the Prosus ordinary shares N. The full

         net gain after tax on disposal of these shares was reinvested back into the group in the form of Prosus N.V. ordinary shares N when, on 1 March 2022, he purchased 20 000 Prosus ordinary shares
         N at a volume weighted average value per share of 56.3933.

There have been no further changes to the directors' interests in the table above between the end of the financial

year and 17 June 2022.

174 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

Other disclosures (continued)

43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)

Key management remuneration                                                                                                          2021
Comparatives have not been restated to account for the change in the composition of key management.                              US$'000

                                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                                   US$'000

Short-term employee benefits(1)                          23 805                                                                   17 183
Post-employment benefits                                    744                                                                       634
Share-based payment expense
                                                         45 316                                                                  294 490

                                                         69 865                                                                  312 307

(1) Short-term employee benefits consist of base salary, short-term incentives and other short-term benefits.
No other remuneration is paid to executive directors. Remuneration is earned for services rendered in conducting the
business of the group.

44. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

       The group is subject to commitments and contingencies, which occur in the normal course of business, including legal
       proceedings and claims that cover a wide range of matters. The group plans to fund these commitments and
       contingencies out of existing facilities and internally generated funds.

(a) Capital expenditure
       Commitments in respect of contracts placed for capital expenditure at 31 March 2022 amount to US$96.0m
       (2021: US$60.4m).

(b) Other commitments
       The group entered into contracts for the receipt of various services. These service contracts are for the receipt of
       information technology and computer support services, access to networks, consulting services and contractual
       relationships with customers, suppliers and employees. The group's commitments in respect of these agreements
       amount to US$133.5m (2021: US$81.4m).

(c) Lease commitments
       Lease commitments include the group's short-term lease arrangements as well as other contractual lease agreements
       whose commencement date is after 31 March 2022. Short-term lease commitments relate to leasing arrangements
       with lease terms of 12 months or less that are not recognised on the statement of financial position. The group has the
       following lease commitments at 31 March:

                                                                 31 March

                                                          2022                                                                    2021
                                                         US$'m                                                                   US$'m

Minimum lease payments:                                                                                                      6   2
Payable in year one
Payable in year two                                                                                                          5   2
Payable in year three
Payable in year four                                                                                                         4   2
Payable in year five
Payable after five years                                                                                                     3   2

                                                                                                                             3   2

                                                                                                                             3   4

                                                                                                                             24  14

175 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the consolidated annual financial statements (continued)

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

         Other disclosures (continued)

44. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued)
(d) Litigation claims

        Taxation matters
       The group operates a number of businesses in jurisdictions where taxes are payable on certain transactions or
       payments. The group continues to seek relevant advice and works with its advisers to identify and quantify such tax
       exposures. Our current assessment of possible withholding and other tax exposures, including interest and potential
       penalties, amounts to approximately US$18.0m (2021: US$40.5m).
       Further, the group had an uncertain tax position of US$170.8m at 31 March 2020 related to amounts receivable from
       tax authorities. In the financial year ended 31 March 2019, the group concluded that this uncertain tax position was
       not probable and reflected the uncertainty in the tax expense recognised during that financial year. In September
       2020, the group received this amount and has recognised it in "Taxation" in the consolidated income statement,
       where it was originally recognised. The receipt of the amount has evidenced that no taxation was payable on the
       transaction and therefore this cash flow has been classified consistently with the underlying transaction in the
       consolidated statement of cash flows.
(e) Assets pledged as collateral
       The group pledged property, plant and equipment, investments, cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and
       other working capital as collateral against its secured long-term liabilities with an outstanding balance of US$317.8m
       (2021: US$98.9m). Refer to note 31 for further details.

45. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

       In August 2021 the group entered into an agreement with the shareholders of the Indian digital payments provider
       IndiaIdeas.com Limited (BillDesk) to acquire 100% of the equity in BillDesk for a consideration of approximately
       US$4.7bn (INR345.0bn). The acquisition is structured as an all-cash transaction with the purchase price payable at
       closing, subject to the approval of the competition commission of India. The group will account for the investment in
       BillDesk as a subsidiary.
       In May 2022 the group announced its intention to exit its Russian businesses. The group has started the search for an
       appropriate buyer for its shares in Avito.
        In March 2022 the group received a special interim dividend from Tencent, in the form of a distribution in specie of
        131 873 028 JD.com shares. The group completed the sale of the 131 873 028 JD.com shares in June 2022, for total
        proceeds of approximately US$3.6bn. Accumulated fair value losses related to these shares of approximately
        US$255m will be reclassified from the valuation reserve to retained earnings within equity as a result of this disposal.
        In June 2022, the board of directors approved the beginning of an open-ended, repurchase programme in respect of
        the ordinary shares N of Prosus N.V. and N ordinary shares of Naspers Limited, from the respective Prosus and Naspers
        free-float shareholders. With the support of Tencent Holdings Limited, Prosus has removed all restrictions on the sale
        by Prosus of the ordinary shares in Tencent and will begin selling small amounts of Tencent Shares regularly, in an
        orderly manner, while concurrently purchasing Prosus Ordinary Shares N and Naspers N Ordinary Shares as long as
        the discount to net asset value is at elevated levels.

176 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Company statement of financial position                                                     31 March

          As at 31 March 2022                                                              Notes  2022       2021
                                                                                                   R'm        R'm
ASSETS
                                                                                                  1 300 047  1 297 809
Non-current assets                                                                                           1 295 954
Investments in subsidiaries                                                                2 1 297 356
Loans to subsidiaries                                                                                             1 846
Property, plant and equipment                                                              3      2 684                2
Other intangible assets                                                                                                 -
Investment at fair value through other comprehensive income                                       1                    7
Current assets
Other receivables                                                                                 2               1 977
Related party receivables                                                                                              7
Taxation receivable                                                                        4      4
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         1 811
                                                                                                  91                  54
TOTAL ASSETS
                                                                                           5      11                105
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                           6      7
Shareholders' equity
Share capital and premium                                                                         43
Other reserves
Retained earnings                                                                          16     30
Current liabilities
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                                                    1 300 138 1 299 786
Related party payables
Dividends payable                                                                                 1 299 563  1 299 714
                                                                                                                44 425
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                               7 44 455               1 296

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these company annual financial statements.         1 299      1 253 993
                                                                                                                      72
                                                                                                  1 253 809           22
                                                                                                                      24
                                                                                                  575                 26

                                                                                           8      26

                                                                                           6      522

                                                                                                  27

                                                                                                  1 300 138 1 299 786

177 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Company statement of comprehensive income

for the year ended 31 March 2022

                                                                                                            31 March

                                                                                        Notes               2022      2021
                                                                                              9              R'm       R'm

Revenue                                                                                     10              1 472     2 728
Selling, general and administration expenses                                                11               (235)     (185)
Other gains - net                                                                                             267       272
                                                                                            12
Operating profit                                                                            12              1 504     2 815
Interest income                                                                             12
Interest expense                                                                            13                 52       159
Other finance costs - net                                                                                     (20)         -
Loss on acquisitions and disposals                                                          14                (33)
                                                                                                             (235)     (149)
Profit before taxation                                                                        4                         (35)
Taxation
                                                                                                            1 268     2 790
Profit for the year                                                                                           (12)         -
Other comprehensive income(1)
                                                                                                            1 256     2 790
  Fair-value gain on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
  Actuarial gain of post employment liabilities                                                                  -         5
                                                                                                                 -         2
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                          -         3

                                                                                                            1 256     2 795

 (1) All components of other comprehensive income will not subsequently be reclassified to profit or loss.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these company annual financial statements.

178 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Company statement of changes in equity

for the year ended 31 March 2022

                                Share capital and         Share-
                                                           based
                                premium                 compen-     Valuation     Retained
                                                           sation     reserve      earnings
                                A shares  N shares       reserve           R'm                       Total
                                                                                        R'm           R'm
                                R'm                R'm        R'm       1 294
                                                                                 1 253 720     1 299 434
Balance at 1 April 2020         19        44 395                6            5
Total comprehensive                                                           -       2 790         2 795
income for the year             -                  -             -                    2 790         2 790
                                                                 -           5
  Profit for the year           -                  -                          -             -            5
  Total other comprehensive                                      -                          -           11
  income for the year           -                  -             -          (3)
Treasury share movement(1)                                                    -            9              -
Transfers to non-distributable  -                  11          (6)                   (2 526)       (2 526)
reserves                                                         -      1 296    1 253 993     1 299 714
Dividends(2)                    -                  -             -      1 296    1 253 993     1 299 714
                                                                 -
Balance at 31 March 2021        -                  -                          -       1 256         1 256
                                                                 -            -       1 256         1 256
Balance at 1 April 2021         19        44 406                 -
Total comprehensive                                                           -             -             -
income for the year             19        44 406                 -            -             -           30
                                                                 -            -             -
  Profit for the year           -                  -             -                                        -
  Total other comprehensive
  income for the year           -                  -
Treasury share movement(1)
Income movements of equity      -                  -

Transfer of reserves as a       -                  30
result of disposals(3)
Dividends(2)                    -                  -

Balance at 31 March 2022        -                  -    -           3            (3)           -

                                -                  -    -           -            (1 437)       (1 437)

                                19        44 436        -           1 299 1 253 809 1 299 563

(1) Relates to shares acquired by participants from the Naspers equity compensation plan upon the vesting of their equity
    compensation awards. Once shares are acquired by participants they are no longer accounted for as treasury shares and
    result in an increase in N ordinary share capital and premium. This together with gains and losses arising from the vesting
    of compensation awards is reflected as a net movement.

(2) Refer to note 17 for further details relating to dividend payments.

(3) Relates to the transfer of gain on disposal of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income. Refer
    to note 4.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these company annual financial statements.

179 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Company statement of cash flows

for the year ended 31 March 2022

                                                                              31 March

                                                                              2022      2021

                                                                       Notes  R'm       R'm

Cash flows from operating activities                                   15     2 065     606
Cash generated in operations
Interest income received                                                      31        327
Interest expense paid
Dividends received                                                            (17)      -
Taxation paid
                                                                              1 437     2 375
Net cash generated from operating activities
                                                                       14     (1)       (54)
Cash flows from investing activities
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                           3 515     3 254
Intangible assets acquired
Additional investment in subsidiary(1)                                        3             -
Disposal of subsidiary(2)                                                                   -
Loans repaid by subsidiaries                                                  (2)           -
Loans advanced to subsidiaries                                                              -
                                                                              (966)       23
Net cash utilised in investing activities                                               (751)
                                                                              106
Cash flows from financing activities                                                    (728)
Proceeds from issue of share capital(3)                                3      127
Dividends paid
                                                                       3 (1 454)
Net cash utilised in financing activities
                                                                              (2 186)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents
Foreign exchange translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents         30        11
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
                                                                       17 (1 434) (2 523)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
                                                                              (1 404) (2 512)

                                                                              (75)      14

                                                                              -         (6)

                                                                              105       97

                                                                       16     30        105

(1) In August 2021 the company purchased 1 128 507 756 Prosus B ordinary shares for 56.4m (ZAR986.3m) cash. Refer to
    note 2 for further details.

(2) In April 2021 the company sold its 100% held subsidiary, Naspers Properties Proprietary Limited, to Media24 Proprietary
    Limited for a cash consideration of R106m. Refer to note 2 for further details.

(3) Relates to shares acquired by participants from the Naspers equity compensation plan upon the vesting of their equity
    compensation awards. Once shares are acquired by participants they are no longer accounted for as treasury shares and
    result in an increase in N ordinary share capital and premium. This together with gains and losses arising from the vesting
    of compensation awards is reflected as a net movement in the statement of changes in equity.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these company annual financial statements.

180 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the company annual financial statements

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

1. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
       Basis of preparation

       The company annual financial statements are presented in accordance with, and comply with, International Financial
       Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations of those standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
       Board (IASB) and effective at the time of preparing these financial statements, the SAICA Financial Reporting Guides as
       issued by the Accounting Practices Committee, Financial Pronouncements as issued by the Financial Reporting
       Standards Council and the Companies Act No 71 of 2008.

       Accounting policies

       The accounting policies of the company are the same as those of the group, where applicable (refer to note 2 of the
       consolidated annual financial statements), specifically as regards:

              Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income; and
              Financial assets measured at amortised cost.

       Investments in subsidiaries

       Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less accumulated impairment losses in the company annual
       financial statements. Cost is adjusted to reflect changes in consideration arising from contingent consideration
       arrangements and includes the directly attributable costs of acquiring investments. Loans receivable which are
       forgiven are recognised as a capital contribution to the subsidiary and are measured at cost (represented by the
       carrying amount of the loan) at the date of the contribution.

       IFRS 9 Financial Instruments

       Classification of loans to subsidiaries

       Loans to subsidiaries, related party receivables and cash and cash equivalents are classified as financial assets at
       amortised cost as these items are held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual
       cash flows and its contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest on the amount
       outstanding. In making this assessment, the company considers the effect of terms (including conversion, prepayment
       and extension features) that may affect the timing and/or amounts of cash flows.

       In terms of IFRS 9, an intercompany loan may only be accounted for in terms of IAS 27 if it meets the definition of an
       equity instrument from the perspective of the subsidiary to which the loan has been granted.

       Accordingly, as all loans extended to subsidiaries of the company are accounted for as debt instruments by the
       relevant subsidiaries, the company has applied the recognition and measurement provisions of IFRS 9 to these loans.

       Measurement of financial assets at amortised cost

       The company applied the measurement provisions of IFRS 9, including those relating to impairment allowances on
       financial assets at amortised cost, to all financial instruments within the measurement scope of IFRS 9. The company's
       impairment methodology related to financial assets at amortised cost is detailed in note 3 of the company annual
       financial statements.

       Accounting judgements and sources of estimation uncertainty

       The preparation of the company financial statements necessitates the use of estimates, assumptions and judgements
       by management. These estimates, assumptions and judgements affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and
       contingent assets and liabilities at the reporting date as well as the reported income and expenses for the year.
       Although estimates are based on management's best knowledge and judgement of current facts as at the statement of
       financial position date, the actual outcome may differ from these estimates.

181 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the company annual financial statements

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

1. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
       Impairment of investments in subsidiaries
       The company periodically evaluates the carrying value of assets when events and circumstances indicate that the
       carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that the company considers important, which could trigger an
       impairment review include, but are not limited to, significant under-performance relative to expected historical or
       projected future operating results, significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for
       the company's overall business, significant negative industry or economic trends that are likely to prevail into the long-
       term and the market capitalisation of listed investments relative to its net book value. The carrying value of an asset is
       considered impaired when the recoverable amount of such an asset is separately identifiable and is less than its
       carrying value. The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and the value in use. In that event, a
       loss is recognised based on the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the recoverable amount of the asset.
       Impairments that are recognised, are recognised in the profit or loss account. An impairment loss is directly recognised
       in the profit or loss account while the carrying amount of the asset concerned is concurrently reduced.
       The recoverable amount is determined primarily using anticipated cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with
       the risk involved or the last traded price for listed investments. The revenue growth rates and profit margins (EBITDA
       margins) used to estimate future performance are based on past performance and our expectations for growth rates
       and profit margins achievable in the markets and businesses the companies are active in. In addition to the forecasts
       used in the impairment assessments, sensitivity analyses have been prepared. The recoverable amount for unlisted
       investments is determined using fair value less costs to sell in the event of a recent transaction for the investment
       during the relevant financial year.
       Assets to be disposed of are recorded at the lower of their cost and fair value, reduced by the estimated costs to
       dispose of the asset. The realisable value is determined based on the active market, whereby the prevailing bid price is
       taken as market price. The costs deducted in determining net realisable value are based on the estimated costs that
       are directly attributable to the sale and are necessary to realise the sale.
       If it is established that an impairment that was recognised in the past no longer exists or has reduced, the increased
       carrying amount of the asset concerned is set no higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined if
       no impairment value adjustment for the asset concerned had been reported.

182 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2022

2. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

The following information relates to Naspers Limited's direct interest in its significant subsidiaries:

                                     Effective        Direct

                        Functional percentage         investment           Nature of Country of

Name of subsidiary      currency interest*            in shares            business incorporation

                                     2022 2021        2022        2021

                                     %          %     R'm         R'm

Listed companies

                                                                           Investment                    The

Prosus N.V.(1)          US$ 42.3 73.0 1 274 691 1 273 705                  holding Netherlands

Unlisted companies              ZAR 100.0 100.0              -          -  Investment                    South Africa
Heemstede Beleggings            ZAR 100.0 100.0       20 455     20 455        holding                   South Africa
Proprietary Limited             ZAR 100.0 90.4                                                           South Africa
MIH Holdings                                           2 210      1 794    Investment                    South Africa
Proprietary Limited                                                     -      holding
Media24 Holdings                ZAR  0.0 100.0        -
Proprietary Limited(2)                                                     Investment
                                                                               holding
Naspers Properties
Proprietary Limited(3)                                                        Property
                                                                               holding

                                                                                1 297 356 1 295 954

* The percentage interest shown is the effective financial interest, after disregarding the interest of any equity compensation plans
    treated as treasury shares.

(1) In August 2021, the company completed a voluntary share exchange offer to its shareholders. This offered its shareholders the
    opportunity to tender their existing Naspers N ordinary shares for newly issued Prosus N ordinary shares at an exchange ratio of
    1 (one) Naspers N ordinary share for 2.27443 Prosus N ordinary shares. At the conclusion of the share exchange, Prosus acquired
    197,408,377 Naspers N ordinary shares from Naspers N shareholders in exchange for the issue of 448,991,535 new Prosus N
    ordinary shares. The voluntary share exchange offer was primarily for a capital restructure of the Prosus group. The cross-
    holding agreement between Naspers and Prosus resulted in an increase in the effective interest of Prosus free float shareholders.
    The company's effective interest in Prosus therefore reduced to 42.29%. The control structure of Prosus remained unchanged as
    the company retained majority of the voting rights in Prosus. Furthermore, newly created 1 128 507 756 Prosus B ordinary
    shares were issued for 56.4m (ZAR986.3m) to the company, representing 100% of the total issued Prosus B ordinary shares,
    which entitles it to one vote per share, but only to one millionth of the amount of the distribution that a holder of a Prosus N
    ordinary share is entitled to. The company cannot list or trade these shares. Refer to note 4 of the consolidated annual financial
    statements for details regarding the share exchange.

(2) In July 2021, the company subscribed to 7,912,609 additional shares in Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited bringing its direct
    interest to 91.19%. The company ceded its rights and contributed its claims of R150.0m to Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited
    in settlement of the additional shares subscribed to. Furthermore, Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited bought out all of the
    Welkom Yizani Investments (RF) Limited shareholders, this resulted in the company having an effective financial interest of 100%
    in Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited. The investment in Media24 was assessed for impairment and it was determined that
    the provision for impairment could be fully reversed by R265m as at 31 March 2022.

(3) On 1 April 2021 the company purchased one additional share in Naspers Properties Proprietary Limited, this was in full and final
    settlement of the full debt to the value of R340.0m owed to it by Naspers Properties Proprietary Limited. This was a non-cash
    transaction. On the same day the company sold its 100% held subsidiary, Naspers Properties Proprietary Limited, to Media24
    Proprietary Limited for a cash consideration of R106m, which resulted in a loss of R234.0m.

183 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the company annual financial statements

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

2. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
       Impairment assessment
        At the end of each year, the company assesses whether there is an indication that the company's investments in
        subsidiaries are impaired. The impairment assessment is performed at the level of Prosus N.V., MIH Holdings
        Proprietary Limited and Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited. The recoverable amounts of these investments have
        been determined based on the higher of the value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal.

        Prosus N.V.
       In light of the decline in the market capitalisation of Prosus N.V. the company assessed whether its investment should
       be impaired. The recoverable amount of Prosus N.V. is based on its value in use. The value in use was determined
       based on the sum of Prosus N.V.'s listed and non-listed ecommerce investments. The value in use was determined by
       using the sum of the recoverable amounts of the investments (i.e. discounted cash flow calculations for unlisted
       investments and the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and the discounted cash flow model for listed
       investments). As the value in use of Prosus N.V. exceeds the carrying value recognised on the statement of financial
       position, no impairment was recognised for this investment.

        The value in use calculations determined the equity values for the non-listed ecommerce portfolio which took into
        account the following key assumptions:
         Revenue and expenses were based on past experience and management's future expectations of business

             performance.
         The growth rates were consistent with publicly available information relating to long-term average growth rates

             for the market in which the equity-accounted investments and subsidiaries operate in. Growth rates ranged
             between 6% and 60%.
         The discount rates reflected both the time value of money and other market specific risks relating to the
             respective entity. Discount rates ranged between 9% and 25%.
         The terminal growth rates considered the steady growth rates that would appropriately extrapolate cash flows
             beyond the forecasted periods. Terminal growth rates ranged between 2% and 7%.

        As part of our impairment testing, we performed sensitivity analyses on the underlying discounted cash flow
        calculations. The main inputs for the expected future cash flows are revenue growth, profit margins, discount rates
        and long-term growth rates on which sensitivity analyses have been prepared. Reasonable possible changes on the
        revenue growth rates, profit margins and discount rates used to estimate future performance have been assessed as
        to whether it impacts the recoverable amounts of the company's investments in subsidiaries. It has been determined
        that some investments are more sensitive to changes than others.

        As part of our impairment testing, we also compared the sum of the total value of the underlying assets of Prosus, as
        well as the carrying amounts, to the market capitalisation of Prosus. The market capitalisation of R1,122bn
        (US$76.8bn) as at 31 March 2022 shows a discount to the total market value of the listed marketable securities held by
        Prosus as at 31 March 2022, which amounted to R2,060bn (US$141bn). We considered that it is common that
        investment holding companies trade at a discount to the fair value on the controlling basis of their underlying assets.
        Holding company discounts vary significantly but are normally in the 10% to 40% range, although, in some cases, this
        can extend to over 50%. The reasons for holding company discounts can vary according to each company's specific
        circumstances, but can include management costs, tax leakage, governance and shareholder structure, information
        asymmetry and perceived reinvestment risk.

        Based on our analysis, we conclude that this discount does not ­ as such ­ result in an additional reduction of the
        value determined under IAS 36 used in the impairment assessment of Prosus.

        If either the pre- or post-tax discount rate applied to cash flows were to increase relatively by 5% or the growth rate
        used to extrapolate cash flows were to decrease relatively by 5%, or if both the discount rate and the growth rate
        were to increase and decrease relatively by 5% respectively, there would be no impairments that would have to be
        recognised.

        MIH Holdings and Media24
       The recoverability of the carrying amounts of MIH Holdings Proprietary Limited and Media24 Holdings Proprietary
       Limited were tested through a sum of the recoverable amounts of their underlying investments using a combination of
       value in use calculations and quoted prices for listed investments.

184 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
      Notes to the company annual financial statements

          for the year ended 31 March 2022

2. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
       Impairment assessment (continued)
       The value in use is based on discounted cash flow calculations. The company based its cash flow calculations on up to
       ten-year budget and forecast information of the underlying entities. Forecasts are approved by senior management
       and/or the various boards of directors of group companies. Long-term average growth rates for the respective
       countries in which the entities operate or, where more appropriate, the growth rate of the entity, were used to
       extrapolate cash flows into the future. Terminal growth rates used in the calculation range between -5% and 6% (2021:
       0% and 5%) and post-tax discount rates range between 16.7% and 18.0% (2021: 15.5% and 17.5%).

        The company's impairment assessment takes into account that, in most instances, longer forecast periods are required
        for many ecommerce businesses. These longer forecast periods are required as the ecommerce businesses generally
        only reach maturity once sufficient market share has been gained, the businesses have reached the appropriate scale
        and have become revenue generative/profitable. Key assumptions in estimating these future cash flows over the
        forecast period include the entity's ability to capture the required market share and the additional investment
        required in order for it to reach the appropriate scale.
       Value in use calculations are performed using the appropriate operational cash flows, and accordingly, discount rates
       take into account country risk premiums and inflation differentials as appropriate. Post-tax discount rates have been
       applied in calculations as value in use was determined using post-tax cash flows.

        The calculation of value in use is most sensitive to the following assumptions:
              revenue growth rates;
              expected EBITDA margins;
              growth rates used to extrapolate cash flows beyond the budget and forecast period, including the terminal
                  growth rate applied in the final projection year; and
              discount rates.

       When determining cash flows over the forecast periods, EBITDA margin assumptions vary between the diverse range
       of businesses.

       The carrying amount pertaining to the investment in MIH Holdings Proprietary Limited and Media24 Holdings
       Proprietary Limited, amounting to R20.5bn and R2.2bn respectively, is especially sensitive to changes in the underlying
       assumptions.

       Key assumptions underlying revenue forecasts for the ecommerce businesses include the entities' anticipated market
       share. The ecommerce assets are at various life stages and the early stage investments are more sensitive to changes
       in assumptions.

       The company recognised a full reversal of impairment on the investment in Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited of
       R265.3m during the financial year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: partial reversal of impairment of R268.3m). Media24's
       improved performance in the current year was the basis for the budgets and forecast used for determining the
       recoverable amount, accordingly this improved performance and future projections resulted in the reversal of
       impairment up to the recoverable amount for this investment. The recoverable amount of Media24 Holdings
       Proprietary Limited was determined to be R4.0bn (2021: R1.8bn).

       We performed sensitivity analyses on the underlying discounted cash flow calculations. The main inputs for the
       expected future cashflows are revenue growth, profit margins, discount rates and long-term growth rates on which
       sensitivity analyses have been prepared. Reasonable possible changes on the revenue growth rates, profit margins and
       discount rates used to estimate future performance have been assessed as to whether it impacts the recoverable
       amounts of the company's investments in subsidiaries. It has been determined that some investments are more
       sensitive to changes than others.

       For MIH Holdings Proprietary Limited and Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited, if either the pre- or post-tax discount
       rate applied to cash flows were to increase relatively by 5% or the growth rate used to extrapolate cash flows were to
       decrease relatively by 5%, or if both the discount rate and the growth rate were to increase and decrease relatively by
       5% respectively, there would be no impairments that would have to be recognised.

185 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

3. LOANS TO SUBSIDIARIES                                        31 March

       Loans to subsidiaries                                    2022      2021
       Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited(1)
       MIH Holdings Proprietary Limited                         R'm       R'm
       Naspers Properties Proprietary Limited(1)
                                                                     -      150
                                                                2 684     1 356

                                                                     -      340

                                                                2 684     1 846

(1) Refer to note 2 for details on the decrease in loan balances.

Loans to subsidiary companies do not have any fixed repayment terms and are interest free, except for Rnil (2021:
R180.0m) of the Naspers Properties Proprietary Limited loan account which bears interest at a rate of nil (2021: prime
less 2%). The loans are not expected to be repaid within the next 12 months.

As a result of loans to subsidiary companies having no fixed repayment terms, these loans are considered to be
repayable on demand by the company and accordingly the effect of discounting these loans is insignificant.

The company establishes allowances for credit losses (impairment allowances) on loans to subsidiaries equal to the 12-
month expected credit losses on these items unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
recognition of these loans. Where there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
impairment allowances are adjusted to equal the lifetime expected credit losses on these loans.

At 31 March 2022 the impairment allowances related to loans to subsidiaries were not significant on account of the
loan counterparty's holdings of substantial highly-liquid marketable securities and cash/short-term cash investment
balances. These holdings by the counterparties significantly exceed their obligations, including their liabilities towards
the company, and accordingly mitigate the credit risk arising from these loans significantly.

4. INVESTMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                31 March

                                                                2022      2021
                                                                 R'm       R'm

Investment in the MultiChoice Group Limited shares              4         7

                                                                4         7

The investment in the MultiChoice Group Limited (the MultiChoice Group) relates to shares received by share-
incentive trusts and other Naspers group companies that held Naspers Limited N-ordinary shares (as treasury shares)
at the time of distribution of the group's interest in the MultiChoice Group to its shareholders in 2019. The
MultiChoice Group shares, with a fair value of R4.0m (2021: R6.8m) are held by the Naspers Share Incentive Trust and
will be utilised when relevant awards are settled with participants on exercise. The Naspers Share Incentive Trust is a
special purpose vehicle of the company, acting in its capacity as an agent. To this extent, a cash-settled share-based
payment liability of R4.0m (2021: R6.8m) has been raised for these awards and is included in note 8.

5. OTHER RECEIVABLES                                            31 March

       Prepaid expenses                                         2022      2021
       Other                                                     R'm       R'm

                                                                9         7

                                                                2         -

                                                                11        7

186 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
       For details on related party loans, interest and dividends received refer to notes 3 and 9.

                                                                                                    31 March

                                                                                                    2022      2021
                                                                                                     R'm       R'm

Related party receivables

MIH Treasury Services Proprietary Limited                                                           -         1 809
MIH Holdings Proprietary Limited
Prosus Services B.V.                                                                                1         2

                                                                                                    6         -

                                                                                                    7         1 811

Related party payables                                                                              (517)     -
MIH Treasury Services Proprietary Limited
MIH Holdings Proprietary Limited                                                                    (5)       (23)
Media24 Proprietary Limited
                                                                                                    -         (1)

                                                                                                    (522)     (24)

Related party receivables and payables are due within 30 days from statement date and are interest free. These
financial assets are considered, by nature, to be trade receivables and accordingly are subject to the simplified
impairment methodology in IFRS 9. As the amounts owing are due by group companies, the impairment assessment
takes into account the existence of collateral and letters of support by group companies. As at 31 March 2022 and
2021, impairment allowances on related party receivables were not significant on account of the receivable
counterparties' holdings of substantial highly-liquid marketable securities and cash/short-term cash investment
balances.

During the current financial year the company subscribed to additional shares in Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited
by ceding its rights and contributing its claims of R150.0m to Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited in settlement of
the additional shares subscribed to. The company also purchased one additional share in Naspers Properties
Proprietary Limited, which was in full and final settlement of the full debt owed to it by Naspers Properties Proprietary
Limited of R340.0m and on the same day the company sold its 100% held subsidiary, Naspers Properties Proprietary
Limited, to Media24 Proprietary Limited for a cash consideration of R106m, which resulted in a loss of R234.0m. Refer
to note 2.

                                                                                                                              31 March

                                                                                                    2022      2021
                                                                                                    R'000     R'000

Directors' emoluments                                                                               68 955  84 258
Executive directors
                                                                                                    19 620  21 657
  paid by other companies in the group                                                              50 801  51 829
Non-executive directors

  fees for services as directors
  fees for services as directors of subsidiary companies

                                                                                                    139 376 157 744

Based on the principal activities of the company as holding company, the transactions disclosed in the notes are
related party transactions. The financial statement impact and nature of the transactions are disclosed in the
respective notes. Refer to note 43 of the consolidated annual financial statements for disclosure on executive and
non-executive directors' remuneration.

187 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

7. SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM                                                      31 March

       Authorised                                                                 2022      2021
       1 250 000 A ordinary shares of R20 each
       500 000 000 N ordinary shares of 2 cents each                              R'm       R'm

       Issued and fully paid                                                      25        25
       961 193 A ordinary shares of R20 each (2021: 961 193)
       435 511 058 N ordinary shares of 2 cents each (2021: 435 511 058)          10        10
       Share capital
       Share premium                                                              35-       35-
       Share capital and premium
       Cumulative effect of treasury shares used in equity compensation plans(1)       19        19
                                                                                        9         9
                                                                                         -         -

                                                                                       28        28

                                                                                  44 130    44 130

                                                                                  44 158    44 158

                                                                                     297       267

                                                                                                                          44 455 44 425

(1) Refers to the cumulative net effect on share premium of treasury shares held at cost and gains and losses arising on
    vesting of equity compensation awards.

Voting and dividend rights
The A ordinary shareholders are entitled to 1 000 votes per share. In terms of the Naspers memorandum of
incorporation, both N and A ordinary shareholders are entitled to nominal dividends, however, the dividends declared
to A ordinary shareholders are equal to one-fifth of the dividends to which N ordinary shareholders are entitled. In
respect of all other rights, the A ordinary shares rank pari passu with the N ordinary shares of the company.

Refer to note 24 of the consolidated annual financial statements for further details on voting and dividend rights,
treasury shares and unissued share capital.

Capital management, unissued shares and valuation reserve
Refer to notes 24 and 25 of the consolidated annual financial statements for the group's capital management policy.
The company relies upon distributions, including dividends, from its subsidiaries and interest to generate the funds
necessary to meet its obligations and other cash flow requirements. The valuation reserve relates mainly to
movements in investments held at fair value through other comprehensive income and actuarial gains and losses.

188 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

7. SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (continued)                                                 2022         2021
                                                                                  Number of    Number of
       Movement in ordinary shares in issue during the year
       Ordinary shares in issue at 1 April                                             shares       shares
       Shares in issue at 31 March
       Movement in N ordinary shares held as treasury shares during the year      436 472 251 436 472 251
       Shares held as treasury shares at 1 April                                  436 472 251 436 472 251
       Shares acquired by participants from the Naspers equity compensation plan
       Shares held as treasury shares at 31 March                                 159 745      168 282
                                                                                          -     (8 537)
        Share premium
        Balance at 1 April                                                        159 745      159 745
        Balance at 31 March
                                                                                  31 March     2021
8. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES                                 2022          R'm
                                                                                   R'm
       Accrued expenses
       Cash-settled share-based payment liability                                 44 130       44 130
       Other current liabilities                                                  44 130       44 130

9. REVENUE                                                                        31 March     2021
                                                                                  2022          R'm
       Dividends received                                                          R'm
       Media24 Holdings Proprietary Limited                                                      15
       Prosus N.V.(1)                                                               19            7
                                                                                     4             -
                                                                                     3
                                                                                                 22
                                                                                    26

                                                                                  31 March     2021
                                                                                  2022          R'm
                                                                                   R'm

                                                                                       -          36
                                                                                  1 472        2 683

Interest received                                                                      -            9
Naspers Properties Proprietary Limited                                                 -            -
                                                                                  1 472        2 728

The revenues disclosed above are related-party transactions with the respective group entities.

(1) In August 2021, simultaneous with the share exchange transaction, the cross holding agreement between the
    company and Prosus N.V. became effective. The company is obligated to pass on any distributions (including
    dividends) it receives from Prosus N.V. to its free float shareholders.

189 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

10. EXPENSES BY NATURE

       Selling, general and administrative expenses include the following items:

                                                                                        31 March

                                                                                        2022                    2021
                                                                                         R'm                     R'm

Staff costs                                                                             -                       8
The total cost of employment of all employees, was as follows:
Salaries, wages and bonuses, retirement benefit costs, medical aid fund contributions,  -                       2
post-employment benefits, UIF, SDL and training costs
Share-based compensation expenses                                                       -                       10

Total staff costs

Fees paid to non-employees for administration, management and technical services        37                      48

Auditor's remuneration                                                                  1                       1
Audit fees

Other expenses                                                                          197                     126

                                                                                        235                     185

11. OTHER GAINS - NET

                                                                                        31 March

                                                                                        2022                    2021

                                                                                        R'm                     R'm

Reversal of impairment of Media24 Holdings (Pty) Ltd investment(1)                      265                     268
Share-based compensation liability move
External dividend received                                                              -                       2
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment
                                                                                        -                       2

                                                                                        2                       -

Total other gains - net                                                                 267                     272

                                                                                        -                       -
(1) The investment in Media24 was assessed for impairment and it was determined that the provision for impairment

could be fully reversed by R265.3m in the current year (2021: partially reversed by R268.3m). Refer to note 2.

190 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

12. FINANCE (COSTS)/INCOME                                                                       31 March

       Interest expense                                                                          2022      2021
       Loans and overdrafts
       Revolving credit facility                                                                 R'm                 R'm

       Interest income                                                                           (5)                 -
       Loans and bank accounts
       Other                                                                                     (15)                -

       Net loss from foreign exchange translation of derivative and other financial instruments  (20)                -
       On translation of assets and liabilities
       Other finance costs - net                                                                 30        132

                                                                                                 22                  27

                                                                                                 52        159

                                                                                                 (33)      (149)

                                                                                                 (33)      (149)

Finance (costs)/income - net                                                                     (1)                 10

13. LOSS ON ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

                                                                                                 31 March

                                                                                                 2022      2021

                                                                                                 R'm                 R'm

Loss on sale of investments(1)                                                                   (234)               -
Transaction-related costs
                                                                                                 (1)       (35)

                                                                                                 (235)     (35)

(1) The loss on sale resulted from the sale of Naspers Property Proprietary Limited to Media24 Proprietary Limited.

191 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

14. TAXATION

                                                      31 March

                                                      2022      2021

                                                      R'm       R'm

Normal taxation                                       12        -
  current year
  prior year overprovision                            55        54

                                                      (43)      (54)

Taxation per statement of comprehensive income          12          -

Reconciliation of taxation                             355       781
Taxation at statutory rate of 28% (2021: 28%)
Adjusted for:                                          134        47
                                                         (1)        -
  non-deductible expenses(1)
  unprovided timing differences                       (494)     (837)
  non-taxable income(1)                                (43)      (54)
  prior year adjustments                                61        63
  other taxes

Taxation per statement of comprehensive income        12        -

Taxation paid                                         (54)      -
Opening balance
Recognised in profit or loss                          12        -
Receivable at the end of the year
                                                      43        54

Taxation paid per statement of cash flows             1         54

(1) In the current and prior financial years non-deductible expenses relate primarily to donations made and expenses
     incurred that are not in the production of taxable income. The non-taxable income relates primarily to dividend
     income and the reversal of impairment of investment.

The normal South African company tax rate applied for the year ending 31 March 2022 is 28% (2021: 28%). The
current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the statement
of financial position date in the country of operation and where it generates taxable income. The normal South African
corporate tax rate changes to 27% for the year of assessment beginning 1 April 2022 and is considered to be
substantively enacted. The deferred tax temporary differences expected to reverse at this new corporate tax rate are
not material.

192 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

15. CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS

                                                                    31 March

                                                                    2022      2021

                                                                    R'm       R'm

Profit before tax per statement of comprehensive income              1 268     2 790
Adjustments:
Non-cash and other                                                  (1 504)   (3 008)
                                                                          1      (19)
  Finance costs/(income) - net
  Dividends received(1)                                             (1 472)   (2 721)
  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                      (2)         -
  Share-based compensation expenses                                        -        2
  Share-based compensation liability move                                  -
  Reversal of impairment of investment                                             (2)
  Loss on sale of investment                                          (265)     (268)
Working capital                                                        234
  Cash movement in other receivables and related party receivables   2 301           -
  Cash movement in accrued expenses and payables                     1 805       824
                                                                       496     2 346
                                                                              (1 522)

Cash generated from operations                                      2 065     606

(1) The difference between the dividend received per the statement of comprehensive income and the cash dividend
     received in the statement of cash flows was due to the exchange rate difference between the date on which the
     dividend was initially recognised and the date on which the cash was received. The exchange rate difference was
     recognised in "Other finance (costs)/income ­ net" in the statement of comprehensive income.

16. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                    31 March

                                                                    2022      2021
                                                                     R'm       R'm

Cash at bank and on hand                                            30        105

                                                                    30        105

193 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

17. DIVIDENDS                                                               31 March

       Dividends paid                                                       2022      2021
       Naspers N ordinary shares
       Number 92 - declared 25 August 2021 - paid 6 December 2021           SA cents SA cents
       (2021: Number 91 - declared 21 August 2020 - paid 30 November 2020)
       Naspers A ordinary shares                                            per share per share
       Number 92 - declared 25 August 2021 - paid 6 December 2021
       (2021: Number 91 - declared 21 August 2020 - paid 30 November 2020)  661       580
       Total dividend per share for the year
                                                                              132       116
       Total dividends declared for the year(1)                               793       696
       Total value of dividends paid per the statement of cash flows          R'm       R'm
                                                                            1 437     2 526
                                                                            1 434     2 523

(1) In August 2021, simultaneous with the share exchange transaction, the cross holding agreement between the
     company and Prosus N.V. became effective. The company is obligated to pass on any distributions (including
     dividends) it receives from Prosus N.V. to its free float shareholders.

194 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

18. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
       Foreign exchange risk

       Refer to note 41 of the consolidated annual financial statements for the group's foreign exchange risks policy.

The company entered into foreign exchange contracts at a notional value of R1.4bn (2021: R2.6bn) that were
designated as cash flow hedge instruments for a foreign currency dividend receivable. Only the spot elements were
designated as a hedge and the remaining portion was recognised in finance income. The purpose of this hedge was to
manage the foreign currency risk associated with an outstanding foreign dividend receivable balance. The hedge ratio
was 1:1. Cumulative losses of R10m (2021: gains of R311m) have been recognised in other comprehensive income
relating to this cash flow hedge since the inception of the hedging relationship and were reclassified to finance income
as the underlying dividend receivable balance was revalued and recognised in the statement of comprehensive
income. Foreign exchange gains of R10m (2021: losses of R311m) were recognised on the hedged items attributable to
the hedged risks. Net gains of R20m (2021: gains of R25m) were recognised as part of "Other finance (costs)/income ­
net" in the income statement, being the forward element of the forward exchange contract not designated as part of
the hedging relationship.

Ineffectiveness is negligible as all critical terms on the hedging instruments and hedged items match. Both the forward
exchange contracts and hedged items have been settled by year end.

Movements in the hedging reserve for the year are detailed below:

                                                                             31 March

                                                                             2022                                       2021

                                                                             R'm                                        R'm

Opening balance                                                              -                                          -
(Losses)/gains on cash flow hedges recognized in other comprehensive income
Derecognised and reported in finance income/(cost)                           (10)                                       311

                                                                             10                                         (311)

Closing balance                                                              -                                          -

Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
The company's functional currency is the South African rand, but as it operates internationally, it is exposed to the US
dollar and the euro due to holding foreign cash deposits.

The sensitivity analysis below details the company's sensitivity to a 10% decrease (2021: 10% decrease) in the rand
against the US dollar and the euro. These percentage decreases represent management's assessment of the possible
changes in the foreign exchange rates at the respective year-ends. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding
foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the period-end for the above
percentage change in foreign currency rates.

A 10% decrease (2021: 10% decrease) of the rand against the US dollar and the euro would result in an increase in net
profit after tax of R1.8 (2021: R2.0m increase in net profit after tax).

195 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

18. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
       Credit risk
       Refer to note 41 of the consolidated annual financial statements for the group's credit risks and credit risk
       management policy regarding related party receivables and cash and cash equivalents (which are the same as those of
       the company) and to note 3 for the company's credit risk management policy regarding loans to subsidiaries.

       Guarantees
       The company has offshore bonds of R12.3bn (2021: R32.9bn) in Prosus N.V. of which the undrawn balance is available
       to fund future investments. The company is the guarantor to these bonds. The guarantees have also been disclosed as
       part of the company's liquidity risk below. The maximum potential exposure to credit risk under financial guarantee
       contracts amounts to R12.3bn (2021: R32.9bn). Refer to note 24 for details regarding the group's capital management
       policies relating to the issuing of bonds. Based on there not being a significant increase in credit risk of Prosus N.V.,
       expected credit losses for these guarantees are not material.

       Liquidity risk
       Refer to note 41 of the consolidated annual financial statements for the group's liquidity risks. In terms of the
       memorandum of incorporation of the company, no limitation is placed on its borrowing capacity.

       The following analysis details the remaining contractual maturity of the company's non-derivative financial liabilities.
       The analysis is based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date at which the
       company can be required to settle the liabilities. The analysis includes both interest and principal cash flows.

                                                      Carrying Contractual    0 - 12
                                                                            months
                                                      value cash flows
                                                                                R'm
                                                      R'm    R'm

31 March 2022                                          (22)       (22)           (22)
Non-derivative financial liabilities                  (522)     (522)          (522)
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Related party payables                                 (27)       (27)           (27)
Dividends payable                                         -  (12 255)       (12 255)
Financial guarantees
                                                      (15)   (15)           (15)
31 March 2021
Non-derivative financial liabilities                  (24)   (24)           (24)
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Related party payables                                (26)   (26)           (26)
Dividends payable
Financial guarantees                                  - (32 913) (32 913)

196 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

18. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
       Liquidity risk (continued)
        Revolving credit facility
       The company has a revolving credit facility (RCF) of R4bn which matures in August 2024. The RCF is undrawn and is
       denominated in South African rand and bears interest at 3-month JIBAR plus 1.55%, before commitment and
       utilisation fees.

The company has specific financial covenants in place regarding the RCF, all of which were complied with during the
reporting period. These financial covenants are linked to various financial metrics.

The upfront facility and arrangement fees paid in respect of the RCF are amortised over the period of the facility. Since
the RCF remains available at the statement of financial position date, the facility and arrangement fees have been
included in prepayments.

                                                                                              31 March

                                                                                              2022               2021

                                                                                              R'm                R'm

Facility arrangement fees                                                                                     2  -
Fees related to revolving credit facility
Accumulated amortisation of fees                                                                              -  -

                                                                                                              2  -

Interest rate risk
Refer to note 41 of the consolidated annual financial statements for the group's interest rate risks policy.

Interest rate sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for non-derivative
instruments at the reporting date and the stipulated change taking place at the beginning of the next financial year
and held constant throughout the reporting period in the case of instruments that have floating rates. The company is
mainly exposed to interest rate fluctuations of the South African, American and European repo rates through cash
balances held in bank accounts. The following changes in the repo rates represent management's assessment of the
possible change in interest rates at the respective year-ends:

South African repo rate: increases by 100 basis points (2021: increases by 100 basis points)

American, European and London Interbank rates: increases by 100 basis points each (2021: increases by 100 basis
points each).

Interest sensitivity analysis
If interest rates change as stipulated above and all other variables were held constant, specifically foreign exchange
rates, the company's profit after tax for the year ended 31 March 2022 would increase by R3.9m (2021: increase by
R14.7m).

197 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

19. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

       The carrying values, net gains or losses recognised in profit or loss, total interest income, total interest expense and
       impairment per class of financial instrument are as follows:

                                                                          31 March 2022

                                                                          Net

                                                                          gains/(losses)      Total
                                                                                          interest/
                                                                          recog-
                                                                                           finance
                                                                          nised           income/

                                                                Carrying  in profit           (cost)
                                                                                                R'm
                                                                value     or loss

                                                                R'm       R'm

Assets                                                          2 684     -               -
Loans to subsidiaries
Investment at fair value through other comprehensive income(1)  4         -               -
Related party receivables(2)
                                                                7         (33)            47
Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                30        -               3

Total                                                           2 725     (33)            50

Liabilities                                                        22     -               (15)
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                    522
Related party payables                                                    -               (5)
Dividends payable                                                  27
                                                                          -               -

Total                                                           571       -               (20)

(1) Represents a level 1 fair-value measurement. Level 1 fair-value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted)
    in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

(2) Included in the above is a net foreign exchange loss of R52.3m which is attributable to the net movements on the foreign
    currency revaluations on the Euro dividends receivable from the Prosus N.V. investment over the period of declaration to receipt
    and the fair value exposure from the FEC taken out to hedge the dividend receivable. Also included is a net foreign exchange gain
    of R19.9m is attributable to the purchase of Prosus B ordinary shares.

The carrying values of all financial instruments disclosed above are considered to be a reasonable approximation of the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants. The carrying value of the loan is a reasonable approximation of fair value based on a discounted cash flow
using a market-related interest rate.

198 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Notes to the company annual financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 March 2022

19. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
       The carrying values, net gains or losses recognised in profit and loss, total interest income, total interest expense and
       impairment per class of financial instrument are as follows:

                                                                          31 March 2021

                                                                          Net

                                                                          gains/(losses)      Total
                                                                                          interest/
                                                                          recog-
                                                                                           finance
                                                                          nised           income/

                                                                Carrying  in profit          (cost)
                                                                                                R'm
                                                                value     or loss

                                                                R'm       R'm

Assets                                                          1 846     -               9
Loans to subsidiaries
Investment at fair value through other comprehensive income(1)  7         -               -
Related party receivables(2)
Cash and cash equivalents                                       1 811     (145)           153

                                                                105       (6)             4

Total                                                           3 769     (151)           166

Liabilities                                                     15        -               -
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Related party payables                                          24        2               -
Dividends payable
                                                                26        -               -

Total                                                           65        2               -

(1) Represents a level 1 fair-value measurement. Level 1 fair-value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted)
    in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

(2) Included in the above is a net foreign exchange loss of R144.2m which is attributable to the net movements on the foreign
    currency revaluations on the Euro dividends receivable from the Prosus N.V. investment over the period of declaration to receipt
    and the fair value exposure from the FEC taken out to hedge the dividend receivable.

The carrying values of all financial instruments disclosed above are considered to be a reasonable approximation of the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants. The carrying value of the loan is a reasonable approximation of fair value based on a discounted cash flow
using a market-related interest rate.

Refer to note 42 of the consolidated annual financial statements for details regarding the calculation of the fair values
of financial instruments.

20. EQUITY COMPENSATION BENEFITS
       Refer to note 37 of the consolidated annual financial statements for details regarding the Naspers Limited share
       incentive plan.

21. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
       There have been no events between 31 March 2022 and the date of this report requiring adjustment or disclosure.

199 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Administration and corporate information

COMPANY SECRETARY                                    ADR PROGRAMME
Lynelle Bagwandeen                                   Bank of New York Mellon maintains a Global BuyDIRECTSM plan
Suite 15, Third Floor                                for Naspers Limited
Oxford & Glenhove                                    For additional information, please visit
116 Oxford Road                                      Bank of New York Mellon's website at
Houghton Estate                                      www.globalbuydirect.com
Johannesburg 2196                                    or call Shareholder Relations at
South Africa cosec@naspers.com                       1-888-BNY-ADRS
                                                     or 1-800-345-1612 or write to:
REGISTERED OFFICE                                    Bank of New York Mellon
40 Heerengracht                                      Shareholder Relations Department ­
Cape Town 8001                                       Global BuyDIRECTSM
South Africa                                         Church Street Station
PO Box 2271                                          PO Box 11258, New York, NY 10286-1258, USA
Cape Town 8000
South Africa                                         SPONSOR
Tel: +27 (0)21 406 2121                              Investec Bank Limited
Fax: +27 (0)21 406 3753                              (Registration number: 1969/004763/06)
                                                     PO Box 785700, Sandton 2146
REGISTRATION NUMBER                                  South Africa
1925/001431/06                                       Tel: +27 (0)11 286 7326
Incorporated in South Africa                         Fax: +27 (0)11 286 9986

AUDITOR                                              ATTORNEYS
PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc                           Webber Wentzel (in alliance with Linklaters)
                                                     PO Box 61771
TRANSFER SECRETARIES                                 Marshalltown
JSE Investor Services Proprietary Limited            Johannesburg 2107
(Registration number: 2000/007239/07)                South Africa
PO Box 10462
Johannesburg 2000                                    Werksmans Inc.
South Africa                                         PO Box 1474, Cape Town 8000
Tell: +27 (0)86 140 0110/+27 (0)11 029 0253          South Africa

For the purpose of holding a virtual annual general  INVESTOR RELATIONS
meeting                                              Eoin Ryan
The Meeting Specialist Proprietary Limited           investorrelations@naspers.com
JSE Building                                         Tel: +1 347 210 4305
One Exchange Square, Gwen Lane
Sandown 2196
PO Box 2043
Marshalltown 2107
South Africa
proxy@tmsmeetings@co.za
Tell: 27 (0)11 520 7951/0/2

200 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
Analysis of shareholders and shareholder's diary

for the year ended 31 March 2022

ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDERS                              Number of N                                    Number of N
                                                      shareholders                                  shares owned
Size of holdings
1 ­ 100 shares                                                65 968                                     1 783 053
101 ­ 1 000 shares                                            17 661                                     5 325 539
1 001 ­ 5 000 shares                                                                                     6 068 579
5 001 ­ 10 000 shares                                          2 776                                     3 890 652
More than 10 000 shares                                          547                                  418 443 235

                                                               1 169

The following shareholders hold 5% and more of the N ordinary issued share capital of the company:

Name                                                  % held                                         Number of N
Prosus N.V                                               49%                                              ordinary

                                                                                                    shares owned
                                                                                                      213 400 419

PUBLIC SHAREHOLDER SPREAD
To the best knowledge of the directors, the spread of public shareholders in terms of paragraph 4.25 of the JSE Limited
Listings Requirements at 31 March 2022 was 48.41%, represented by 88 108 shareholders holding 210 838 168 N ordinary
shares in the company. The non-public shareholders of the company, comprising 13 shareholders representing 224 672 890
N ordinary shares, are analysed as follows:

Category                                               Number of                                           % of N
Naspers share-based incentive schemes                  N ordinary                                       ordinary
Directors                                                                                           issued share
Group companies                                              shares
                                                                                                           capital
SHAREHOLDERS' DIARY                                      2 915 897                                          0.67%
Annual general meeting                                   3 654 768                                          0.84%
Reports                                               218 102 225                                         50.08%

                                                                                                    August

Interim for half-year to September                                                                  November

Announcement of annual results                                                                      June

Annual financial statements                                                                         June

Dividend

Declaration                                                                                         August

Payment                                                                                             December

Financial year-end                                                                                  March

201 NASPERS LIMITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022
