THE SPAR GROUP LTD

20

     CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2021
AFS 2021
                                                          1

CONTENTS

             Directors' approval of the consolidated 2
                                        financial statements

                              Responsibility statement 3
              Certificate by the Company Secretary 3

                         Independent auditor's report 4
                                        Directors' report 8

                               Audit Committee report 10
Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 14

                                   comprehensive income
       Consolidated statement of financial position 15
      Consolidated statement of changes in equity 16

              Consolidated statement of cash flows 18
    Notes to the consolidated financial statements 19

                         Abbreviations and definitions 77
                                 Corporate information 78
2  AFS 2021

   DIRECTORS' APPROVAL OF
   THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS

   The directors of the company are responsible for the maintenance of adequate accounting records and the preparation and
   integrity of the financial statements and related information. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
   International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa, 71 of 2008 (as
   amended). The group's independent external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc., have audited the financial statements and
   their unmodified report is enclosed. The directors are also responsible for the systems of internal control. These controls are
   designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance as to the reliability of the financial statements, and to adequately
   safeguard, verify and maintain accountability of the assets, to record all liabilities, and to prevent and detect material misstatement
   and loss. The systems are implemented and monitored by suitably trained personnel with appropriate segregation of authority and
   duties. Nothing has come to the attention of the directors to indicate that any material breakdown in the functioning of these
   controls, procedures and systems has occurred during the year under review.

   In preparing the financial statements, the company and group have used appropriate accounting policies, supported by reasonable
   judgements and estimates, and have complied with all applicable accounting standards. The directors are of the opinion that the
   financial statements fairly present the financial position of the company and the group as at 30 September 2021 and the results of
   their operations and cash flows for the year under review.

   The annual financial statements are prepared on the going concern basis. Nothing has come to the attention of the directors to
   indicate that the company or the group will not remain a going concern for the foreseeable future.

   The annual financial statements were approved by the board of directors on 25 November 2021 and are signed on its behalf by:

   GO O'ConnorBW Botten
   ChairmanChief Executive Officer

   25 November 2021
                                                  RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT                                                     3

RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

The directors, whose names are stated below, hereby confirm that:

(a)the annual financial statements set out on pages 14 to 76, fairly present in all material respects the financial position,
     financial performance and cash flows of the issuer in terms of IFRS;

(b)no facts have been omitted or untrue statements made that would make the annual financial statements false or misleading;

(c)internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to the issuer and its
     consolidated subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the financial statements of the issuer; and

(d)the internal financial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the annual financial
     statements, having fulfilled our role and function within the combined assurance model pursuant to principle 15 of the
     King Code. Where we are not satisfied, we have disclosed to the Audit Committee and the auditors the deficiencies in
     design and operational effectiveness of the internal financial controls and any fraud that involves directors, and have
     taken the necessary remedial action.

BW Botten                MW Godfrey
Chief Executive Officer  Chief Financial Officer

25 November 2021

CERTIFICATE BY THE
COMPANY SECRETARY

I certify that, in respect of the reporting period, the company has, to the best of my knowledge and belief, lodged with the
Companies and Intellectual Property Commission (CIPC) all returns and notices required of a public company in terms of the
Companies Act (71 of 2008, as amended) of South Africa and that all such returns appear to be true, correct and up to date.

KJ O'Brien
Acting Company Secretary
25 November 2021
4  AFS 2021

   INDEPENDENT
   AUDITOR'S REPORT

   TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE SPAR GROUP LIMITED

   REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED AND SEPARATE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   Our opinion

   In our opinion, the consolidated and separate financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
   and separate financial position of The SPAR Group Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (together the Group) as at
   30 September 2021, and its consolidated and separate financial performance and its consolidated and separate cash flows
   for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the
   Companies Act of South Africa.

   WHAT WE HAVE AUDITED
   The SPAR Group Limited's consolidated, and separate financial statements set out on pages 14 to 76 comprise:

   · the consolidated and separate statements of financial position as at 30 September 2021;
   · the consolidated and separate statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year then ended;
   · the consolidated and separate statements of changes in equity for the year then ended;
   · the consolidated and separate statements of cash flows for the year then ended; and
   · the notes to the financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

   Basis for opinion

   We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those
   standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
   statements section of our report.

   We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

   INDEPENDENCE
   We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors' Code of Professional
   Conduct for Registered Auditors (IRBA Code) and other independence requirements applicable to performing audits of
   financial statements in South Africa. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IRBA Code and
   in accordance with other ethical requirements applicable to performing audits in South Africa. The IRBA Code is consistent
   with the corresponding sections of the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' International Code of Ethics
   for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards).

   Our audit approach

   OVERVIEW

                         Materiality  OVERALL GROUP MATERIALITY
   Group scoping                      · Overall group materiality: R151 000 000, which represents 5% of consolidated

             Key audit matters           profit before taxation.

                                      GROUP AUDIT SCOPE
                                      · The group audit scope was determined based on indicators such as the

                                         contribution from each component to consolidated assets, consolidated
                                         revenue, and consolidated profit before taxation. Full scope audits were
                                         performed over all nine significant components and analytical procedures
                                         were performed over the remaining components.

                                      KEY AUDIT MATTERS
                                      · Impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets.

   As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the consolidated and
   separate financial statements. In particular, we considered where the directors made subjective judgements; for example, in
   respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently
   uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other
   matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
                                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT                                            5

MATERIALITY
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance
whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are
considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of the consolidated financial statements.

Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall group
materiality for the consolidated financial statements as a whole as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative
considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to
evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole.

Overall group materiality      R151 000 000

How we determined it           5% of consolidated profit before taxation.

Rationale for the materiality  We chose consolidated profit before taxation as the benchmark because, in our view,
benchmark applied              it is the benchmark against which the performance of the Group is most commonly
                               measured by users and is a generally accepted benchmark. We chose 5% which is
                               consistent with quantitative materiality thresholds used for profit-orientated companies
                               in this sector.

HOW WE TAILORED OUR GROUP AUDIT SCOPE
We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the consolidated
financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the accounting processes and controls, and
the industry in which the Group operates.

The Group is arranged around four geographical segments in Southern Africa, Ireland, Switzerland and Poland. Each
component within these geographical segments is an aggregation of a number of business units.

Based on our Group scoping assessment, Southern Africa, Ireland, Switzerland, and Poland were considered to be
financially significant and further scoping assessments were performed over the components within each geographical
segment. Full scope audits were performed over components in Switzerland, Poland and Ireland. The Southern African
segment comprises seven distribution centres, a central office function, various statutory entities and equity-accounted
associates. Full scope audits were performed on the central office function and five distribution centres. Analytical procedures
were performed over all financially inconsequential remaining components.

In establishing the overall approach to the group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed by the
group engagement team, component auditors from the local PwC network firms and non-PwC firms operating under our
instruction. The group engagement team was directly responsible for the audit of the group consolidation, the central office
function, one distribution centre which was subject to full scope audit and the analytical procedures over the remaining
components. Where the work was performed by component auditors, we determined the level of involvement we needed to
have in the audit work at those components to be able to conclude whether sufficient appropriate audit evidence had been
obtained. We had various interactions with our component teams in which we discussed and evaluated recent developments,
audit risks, materiality, the scope and findings of the work performed, and the reports issued by the component teams. The
group engagement leader engaged directly with the component teams responsible for the audits of Ireland, Switzerland and
Poland and attended the audit committee meetings for each of these segments.

Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.

KEY AUDIT MATTER                                          HOW OUR AUDIT ADDRESSED THE KEY AUDIT MATTER

Impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite life     We performed the following audit procedures:
intangible assets
                                                          · Assessed the reasonableness of the valuation methodologies
Refer to the accounting policies for Goodwill and            applied by management by comparing the valuation
Intangible Assets and Impairment of non-financial            methodology to generally accepted valuation methodology,
assets and to note 13, Goodwill and Intangible Asset.        and found this to be consistent;

As at 30 September 2021 the Group's consolidated          · Tested the mathematical accuracy of the value-in-use
statement of financial position included goodwill with a     calculation and the discounted cash flow model prepared by
closing net book value of R4.065 billion and indefinite      management, noting no material exceptions;
life intangible assets with a closing net book value of
R2.060 billion, the company included goodwill only        · Performed stress testing on the value-in-use calculation which
with a closing net book value of R624 million.               involved an assessment of management's cash flow forecasts
                                                             and assumptions by comparison to prior years' actual results,
Assets that are not subject to amortisation, such as         our understanding of the industry, the entity-specific
goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are           circumstances and economic environment, in order to
required to be assessed for impairment annually and          determine the degree by which the key assumptions needed to
when any impairment indicator exist in accordance            change in order to trigger an impairment. We recalculated a
with International Accounting Standard 36, Impairment        range of values and compared this to the value as calculated by
of assets.                                                   management. Management's value fell within our independently
                                                             calculated range of values;
6  AFS 2021

   KEY AUDIT MATTER                                            HOW OUR AUDIT ADDRESSED THE KEY AUDIT MATTER

   Management performed their annual impairment                · Agreed management's cash flow forecasts to approved
   assessment of relevant cash-generating units (CGUs),           budgets, noting no exceptions;
   to which the goodwill and the brands were allocated
   and based on their assessment on value-in-use               · Assessed the reasonableness of the business plans and
   calculation, which have been estimated using a                 budgeting process by comparing current year actual results
   discounted cash flow model.                                    with the prior year budgeted results;

   In determining the value-in-use of the CGU, the             · Compared the projections applied by management to
   following key assumptions were used by management:             historically achieved volume growth rates, margins and working
                                                                  capital rates;
   · Discount rate;
                                                               · Compared the long-term growth rate used by management to
   · Long-term growth rate; and                                   long-term inflation rates obtained from independent sources.
                                                                  The independently determined rate was incorporated into our
   · Compound annual growth rate.                                 stress testing referred above in order to assess the impact of
                                                                  any difference on the valuation results;
   The value-in-use calculations are sensitive to changes
   in future cash flows included in the model, and changes     · Making use of our internal valuation expertise, we independently
   in the discount rate and long-term growth rate applied.        calculated a weighted average cost of capital discount rate,
                                                                  taking into account independently obtained data such as the
   Future cash flows are estimated based on financial             cost of debt, the risk-free rate in the relevant territories, market
   budgets and approved business plans covering a five-           risk premiums, debt/equity ratios as well as the beta of
   year period.                                                   comparable companies. We then compared the calculated
                                                                  weighted average cost of capital to the discount rate used by
   The impairment assessment of the goodwill and                  management. The difference in rates was included in our stress
   indefinite life intangible assets is considered to be a        testing to assess the impact on the valuation results. The use of
   matter of most significance to the current year audit          our independently calculated discount rates in the management
   due to:                                                        assessments would not have resulted in an impairment charge.

   · The significant judgement applied by management
      with regard to determining the key assumptions and
      future cash flows that are included in the value-in-use
      calculation, and

   · The magnitude of the goodwill and indefinite life
      intangible assets balance to the consolidated financial
      statements.

   Other information

   The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
   document titled "The SPAR Group Ltd Consolidated Annual Financial Statements 2021", which includes the Directors'
   Statutory Report, the Audit Committee Report and the Certificate by the Company Secretary as required by the Companies
   Act of South Africa, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report, and the other sections of the document titled
   "The SPAR Group Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021", which is expected to be made available to us after that date. The
   other information does not include the consolidated or the separate financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

   Our opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and
   will not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

   In connection with our audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
   information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
   the consolidated and separate financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be
   materially misstated.

   If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report,
   we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
   nothing to report in this regard.

   Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated and separate financial statements

   The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated and separate financial statements
   in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa,
   and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated and separate
   financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

   In preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group and
   the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
   the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group and/or the Company or to
   cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT                                                                          7

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and separate financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated and separate financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

· Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and separate financial statements, whether due
   to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
   and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
   higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
   or the override of internal control.

· Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
   the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's and the Company's
   internal control.

· Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
   disclosures made by the directors.

· Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
   evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
   the Group's and the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we
   are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated and separate financial
   statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
   obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and/or Company
   to cease to continue as a going concern.

· Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated and separate financial statements, including
   the disclosures, and whether the consolidated and separate financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
   events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

· Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
   the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
   and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In terms of the IRBA Rule published in Government Gazette Number 39475 dated 4 December 2015, we report that
PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. has been the auditor of The SPAR Group Limited for 4 years.

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc.
Director: TJ Howatt
Registered Auditor

Johannesburg, South Africa
25 November 2021
8  AFS 2021

   DIRECTORS' REPORT

   The directors of the company have the pleasure in submitting their report on the audited annual financial statements of the
   company for the year ended 30 September 2021.

   NATURE OF BUSINESS

   SPAR is a warehousing and distribution business listed on the JSE Limited (JSE) in the food and drug retailers sector.
   The group owns several country licences for the SPAR retail brand, which is used by a network of independent retailers who
   trade under our brand and are supplied on a voluntary basis through our distribution centres.

   There were no material changes to the nature of the group's business for the 2021 financial year.

   DIRECTORATE AND COMPANY SECRETARY

   During the financial year under review, Mr Brett Botten was appointed as the group Chief Executive Officer and
   Mr Graham O'Connor appointed as a non-executive director and Chairman of the board of directors of SPAR (board)
   and Mr Andrew Waller, an independent non-executive director, as the lead independent director of the board with effect
   from 1 March 2021. Mrs Jane Canny was also appointed as an independent non-executive director of the board effective
   1 May 2021.

   Mr Kevin O'Brien was appointed as the Acting Company Secretary with effect from 25 March 2021.

   Particulars relating to the directors' remuneration and interests and directors' share scheme interests are set out in notes 36
   and 37.

   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

   The directors are the custodians of corporate governance and subscribe to King IV. Refer to our governance structures,
   composition and functioning in the integrated report.

   Committee reports are disclosed as follows:

   · Audit Committee report
   · Nomination Committee report
   · Remuneration Committee report
   · Risk Committee report
   · Social and Ethics Committee report

   The directors are not aware of any material non-compliance with statutory or regulatory requirements.

   The directors confirm that the company is in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008, the Listings
   Requirements of the JSE Limited and the relevant laws governing its establishment, specifically relating to its incorporation; and
   operating in conformity with its memorandum of incorporation.

   FINANCIAL RESULTS

   The results for the period are detailed in the annual financial statements that follow.

   GOING CONCERN

   The directors believe that the company has adequate financial resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future
   and accordingly the consolidated annual financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The directors
   have satisfied themselves that the company is in a sound financial position and that it has access to sufficient borrowing
   facilities to meet its foreseeable cash requirements. The directors are not aware of any new material changes that may
   adversely impact the company.

   STATED CAPITAL

   Details of the authorised and issued share capital of the company and the movements during the period are disclosed in note
   25 of the annual financial statements.

   Details of the treasury shares of the company are disclosed in note 26 of the annual financial statements.
                                                                                    DIRECTORS' REPORT                            9

DIVIDENDS

It is company policy to make two dividend payments each year, an interim payment in June and a final payment in December.

An interim dividend of 280.0 cents per share (2020: 200.0 cents per share) was declared on 25 May 2021 and paid on
14 June 2021.

A final dividend of 536.0 cents per share (2020: 665.0 cents) has been declared on 17 November 2021 and payable on
13 December 2021.

The salient dates for the payment of the final dividend are:

Last day to trade cum-dividend                                                          Tuesday, 7 December 2021
Shares to commence trading ex-dividend                                              Wednesday, 8 December 2021
Record date
Payment of dividend                                                                       Friday, 10 December 2021
                                                                                       Monday, 13 December 2021

Shareholders will not be permitted to dematerialise or rematerialise their shares between Wednesday, 8 December 2021 and
Friday, 10 December 2021, both days inclusive.

SHARE SCHEME

Particulars relating to the company's share-based payments are set out in note 38.

SUBSIDIARIES

The interest of the company in the aggregate net profit/loss after taxation of subsidiaries was a profit of R616.8 million
(2020: profit of R504.7 million). Details of the company's principal subsidiaries are set out in note 14.

SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS

The company passed the following special resolutions at the annual general meeting held on 16 February 2021:

· Special resolution number 1 ­ Financial assistance to related or inter-related companies
· Special resolution number 2 ­ Non-executive directors' fees

LITIGATION STATEMENT

The company becomes involved from time to time in various claims and litigation proceedings incidental to the ordinary
course of business. The directors are not aware of any existing, pending or threatened litigation proceedings which may have
a material effect on the financial position of the company.

SPAR's litigation with the Giannacopoulos group of stores continues and SPAR continues to engage with the Competition
Commission regarding their Grocery Retail Sector Market Inquiry particularly dealing with issues of exclusivity.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Matters or circumstances arising since the end of the 2021 financial year, which have or may significantly affect the financial
position of the company or the results of its operations are disclosed in note 40.
10  AFS 2021

    AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

    The Audit Committee (the committee) of The SPAR Group Ltd (the company)              PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. (PwC) has been
    presents the following report according to the requirements of section 94(7)(f)      the company's appointed external auditor for
    of the Companies Act to shareholders for the 2021 financial year.                    four years, with Thomas Howatt as the
                                                                                         designated audit partner from 19 May 2020.
    COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE                                                                 Thomas will be required to rotate as the
                                                                                         designated audit partner in 2025.
    Composition
                                                                                         The committee assessed the suitability of PwC
    Shareholders appoint members of the committee on the recommendation                  as the company's external auditor and Thomas,
    of the Nomination Committee and the board.                                           as the designated audit partner for the 2022
                                                                                         financial year. Under the appropriate audit
    Members of the committee for the financial year were independent                     quality indicators, including independence
    non-executive directors, Andrew Waller (Chairman), Marang Mashologu                  against the criteria specified by the Independent
    and Harish Mehta.                                                                    Regulatory Board for Auditors, the South African
                                                                                         Institute of Chartered Accountants, International
    Shareholders will again be requested to approve the re-election of the               regulatory bodies and the JSE Listings
    committee members for the 2022 financial year at the company's 2022                  Requirements, the committee has no concerns
    AGM to be held on Tuesday, 15 February 2022, as set out in the notice                regarding their performance or independence.
    of AGM                                                                               Accordingly, the committee recommended to
                                                                                         the board, the re-election of PwC as external
    Meetings                                                                             auditor and Thomas Howatt as the designated
                                                                                         audit partner for the 2022 financial year.
    The committee met formally two times during the financial year under                 The committee confirms that the appointment
    review. Members' attendance at meetings is recorded in the online                    of the auditor is presented and included as a
    integrated report. Permanent invitees at committee meetings are the group            resolution for approval at the 2022 AGM under
    CEO, CFO, group Internal Audit Manager, external auditor and the Company             section 61(8) of the Companies Act.
    Secretary (who also acts as the secretary of the committee).
                                                                                         The committee determined the terms of
    Evaluation of committee                                                              engagement and fees paid to PwC, as disclosed
                                                                                         in note 3 of the annual financial statements and
    The committee's effectiveness is assessed through a self-assessment                  the nature and extent of the non-audit services
    evaluation review every two years, which was accordingly undertaken in               that PwC provide to the company, as disclosed
    2021, with pleasing results achieved.                                                in note 3 of the annual financial statements. The
                                                                                         extent of non-audit services provided by PwC is
    Role and responsibilities                                                            continuously monitored, with one excessive
                                                                                         engagement during the financial year noted. This
    The committee has specific statutory responsibilities to the company's               engagement related to independent programme
    shareholders in terms of the Companies Act. It assists the board by                  assurance services for the SAP S4 HANA
    advising and making recommendations on financial reporting, internal                 implementation project and was deemed not
    financial controls, internal and external audit functions, combined                  material enough to impact the independence of
    assurance and regulatory compliance. The committee's roles and                       the external auditors, as it was non-recurring.
    responsibilities are governed by its terms of reference as reviewed and
    approved annually by the board.                                                      The Chairman meets with the external auditor
                                                                                         without management present to facilitate an
    The committee receives feedback on all relevant matters in its terms of              exchange of views and concerns that may not
    reference from the following committees:                                             be appropriate for discussion in an open
                                                                                         forum, with no concerns raised.
    · Risk Committee
    · Social and Ethics Committee                                                        Non-audit services policy
    · Audit Committees of the foreign subsidiaries
                                                                                         The company has a clearly defined and strictly
    The committee is satisfied that it has fulfilled its responsibilities in accordance  followed non-audit services policy. No changes
    with its terms of reference, a copy of which can be found online.                    were made to the policy for the period under
                                                                                         review. The external auditor may only be
    KEY FOCUS AREAS                                                                      considered a supplier of such services where
                                                                                         there is no alternative supplier for these
    External auditor                                                                     services; there is no other commercially viable
                                                                                         alternative or the non-audit services are related
    The committee has primary responsibility for overseeing the relationship             to and would add value to the external audit.
    with, and the performance of, the external auditor, including making
    recommendations on their re-election and assessing their independence,
    as set out in the Companies Act.
                                                             AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT                                                    11

Significant matters

Key audit matters identified by the external auditors are detailed below and have been included in the report of the annual financial
statements. These matters have been discussed and agreed upon with management and were presented to the committee.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we
do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

KEY AUDIT MATTER                                             HOW OUR AUDIT ADDRESSED THE KEY AUDIT MATTER

Impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite life        We performed the following audit procedures:
intangible assets
                                                             · Assessed the reasonableness of the valuation methodologies
Refer to the accounting policies for Goodwill and               applied by management by comparing the valuation methodology
Intangible Assets and Impairment of non-financial               to generally accepted valuation methodology, and found this to be
assets and to note 13 ­ Goodwill and Intangible Assets.         consistent;

As at 30 September 2021 the Group's consolidated             · Tested the mathematical accuracy of the value-in-use calculation
statement of financial position included goodwill with a        and the discounted cash flow model prepared by management,
closing net book value of R4.065 billion and indefinite         noting no material exceptions;
life intangible assets with a closing net book value of
R2.060 billion, the company included goodwill only           · Assessed the reasonableness of the valuation methodologies
with a closing net book value of R624 million.                  applied by management by comparing the valuation methodology
                                                                to generally accepted valuation methodology, and found this to be
Assets that are not subject to amortisation, such as            consistent;
goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are required
to be assessed for impairment annually and when any          · Performed stress testing on the value-in-use calculation which
impairment indicator exists in accordance with                  involved an assessment of management's cash flow forecasts
International Accounting Standard 36, Impairment of             and assumptions by comparison to prior years' actual results, our
assets.                                                         understanding of the industry, the entity-specific circumstances
                                                                and economic environment, in order to determine the degree by
Management performed their annual impairment                    which the key assumptions needed to change in order to trigger
assessment of relevant cash-generating units (CGUs),            an impairment. We recalculated a range of values and compared
to which the goodwill and the brands were allocated             this to the value as calculated by management. Management's
and based on their assessment on value-in-use                   value fell within our independently calculated range of values;
calculation, which have been estimated using a
discounted cash flow model.
12  AFS 2021

    KEY AUDIT MATTER                                         HOW OUR AUDIT ADDRESSED THE KEY AUDIT MATTER

    In determining the value-in-use of the CGU, the          · Agreed management's cash flow forecasts to approved
    following key assumptions were used by management:          budgets, noting no exceptions;

    · Discount rate                                          · Assessed the reasonableness of the business plans and
    · Long-term growth rate                                     budgeting process by comparing current year actual results
    · Compound annual growth rate                               with the prior year budgeted results;

    The value-in-use calculations are sensitive to changes   · Compared the projections applied by management to
    in future cash flows included in the model, and             historically achieved volume growth rates, margins and working
    changes in the discount rate and long-term growth           capital rates;
    rate applied.
                                                             · Compared the long-term growth rate used by management to
    Future cash flows are estimated based on financial          long-term inflation rates obtained from independent sources.
    budgets and approved business plans covering a              The independently determined rate was incorporated into our
    five-year period.                                           stress testing referred to above in order to assess the impact of
                                                                any difference on the valuation results;
    The impairment assessment of the goodwill and
    indefinite life intangible assets is considered to be a  · Making use of our internal valuation expertise, we independently
    matter of most significance to the current year audit       calculated a weighted average cost of capital discount rate,
    due to:                                                     taking into account independently obtained data such as the
                                                                cost of debt, the risk-free rate in the relevant territories, market
    The significant judgement applied by management             risk premiums, debt/equity ratios as well as the beta of
    with regard to determining the key assumptions and          comparable companies. We then compared the calculated
    future cash flows that are included in the value-in-use     weighted average cost of capital to the discount rate used by
    calculation, and the magnitude of the goodwill and          management. The difference in rates was included in our stress
    indefinite life intangible assets balance to the            testing to assess the impact on the valuation results. The use of
    consolidated financial statements.                          our independently calculated discount rates in the management
                                                                assessments would not have resulted in an impairment charge.

    Annual financial statements

    The committee reviewed the annual financial statements for the year ended 30 September 2021 and believes that in all
    material aspects, they comply with the relevant provisions of IFRS and the Companies Act. The committee also reviewed
    the 2021 integrated annual report and recommended both to the board for approval. The board subsequently approved the
    annual financial statements.

    Going concern status

    The committee reviewed the solvency and liquidity assessment as part of the company's going concern status and based on
    this detailed review, recommended to the board that the company adopt the going concern concept in preparation of the
    financial statements.

    Internal audit

    The internal audit function in South Africa is independent and has the necessary standing and authority to discharge its duties.
    The internal audit manager has access to and engages directly with the Audit Committee and its Chairman.

    Internal control procedures on the subsidiary businesses in the UK, Ireland, Switzerland and Poland are performed by a
    combination of internal resources and the external auditors. Subsidiary audit committees confirm that nothing has come to
    their attention that the control environment is not operating effectively. This arrangement will continue to be reviewed.

    During the financial year under review, the committee:

    · Approved the internal audit plan
    · Reviewed the internal audit charter and recommended it to the board for approval
    · Satisfied itself that the South African internal audit manager was competent and possessed the appropriate expertise and

       experience to act in this capacity
    · Satisfied itself that the evaluation of the internal control procedures in the UK, Ireland, Switzerland, Sri Lanka and Poland

       supported the conclusion on the control environment
    · Confirmed that the company's internal audit function met its objectives and that adequate procedures were in place to

       ensure that the group complies with its legal, regulatory and other responsibilities
    · Ensured that the appropriate financial reporting procedures exist and were working, which includes all entities included in

       the consolidated group IFRS financial statements and ensured access to all financial information to allow effective
       preparation and reporting of these financial statements

    The committee believes that the group's internal controls and risk management systems are effective and that the
    internal financial controls form a sound basis for the preparation of reliable financial statements. The board supports
    the committee's opinion.
                                 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT                                                                                 13

Chief Financial Officer and finance function

The committee is satisfied that Mark Godfrey has the appropriate expertise and experience to meet the responsibilities of his
appointed position as the CFO. His qualification and experience are available in the online integrated report.

The committee considered the appropriateness of the expertise and adequacy of resources of the group's finance function.
It was satisfied with the experience of the senior members of management responsible for the group function.

Risk management

The board has delegated the oversight of risk governance, technology and information governance and compliance
governance to the Risk Committee. Andrew, the Chairman of this committee, is also a member of the Risk Committee and
ensures that information relevant to the Risk Committee is transferred and shared regularly. The Risk Committee report will
be available in the online integrated report.

The committee accordingly fulfils an overview role regarding financial reporting risks, internal financial controls, taxation
risks, compliance and regulatory risks, risk appetite and tolerance, fraud risk (as it relates to financial reporting) and
information technology risk (as it relates to financial reporting). Based on the processes and assurances obtained, the
committee is satisfied that these areas have been appropriately addressed.

Combined assurance

The combined assurance policy and framework were reviewed, and amendments approved by the board on 16 November 2021
and are being implemented. The implementation of the framework will help support the corporate governance guidelines to
provide appropriate assurance and, in addition, evidence of combined assurance.

A group tax strategy and policy is in place. The group tax strategy outlines the framework by which tax obligations are met from
an operational and risk management perspective and is aligned with the group's existing strategies, policies and overall purpose.
The group's approach to tax is available online at https://thespargroup.com under the investor relations section, reflecting the total
tax contribution per the tax jurisdictions that the group operates in.

In addition to the key areas of focus detailed above, the committee reviewed the following during the 2021 financial year:

· Unaudited interim results report and associated reports and announcements
· Summarised information issued to shareholders
· Appropriateness of the accounting policies and financial statement disclosures
· JSE proactive monitoring of financial statements report
· Changes to the JSE Listings Requirements which pertain to the committee's responsibilities
· Adequacy of the group's banking facilities
· Monitoring of the group's bank covenants
· Company's banking facilities
· 2022 budget guidelines and assumptions
· Property lease arrangements entered into by the company
· Policies that fall under the committee's control and oversight. The group's delegation of authority policy was reviewed and

   recommended to the board for approval
· External auditor's audit report and key audit matters
· Internal auditor's report and key audit matters and findings
· Review of the company's dividend cover, when benchmarked against peer groups', was found to be aggressive
· Whistle-blowing and industry complaints

In addition to the regular focus areas of the committee, the following key matters have been identified as the areas of focus for the
2022 financial year:

· Adequacy of the group's banking facilities
· Monitor the company's dividend cover

Thanks go to the members of the committee for their dedicated and constructive contributions to the committee's functioning.

AG Waller
Chairman of the Audit Committee

25 November 2021
14  AFS 2021

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
    PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2021

                                                               GROUP                         COMPANY

    Rmillion                                            Notes  2021           Restated*      2021          Restated*
                                                                                    2020                         2020

    Revenue ­ sale of merchandise                       2      127 940.5      124 277.4      77 107.3      74 865.7
                                                               (112 581.5)    (109 497.5)    (69 772.2)    (67 691.6)
    Cost of sales
                                                                 15 359.0       14 779.9       7 335.1       7 174.1
    Gross profit                                                   2 454.5        2 366.9         895.5         834.8
                                                                     226.3          208.7         341.7         167.7
    Revenue ­ other                                     2
                                                                (14 647.2)     (13 912.9)     (6 121.9)     (5 707.9)
    Other income                                        4
                                                                  (4 552.5)      (4 229.8)    (2 213.1)     (2 119.5)
    Net operating expenses                              3         (6 598.0)      (6 838.1)    (2 325.3)     (2 199.0)
                                                                  (3 447.9)      (2 724.6)    (1 487.0)     (1 318.8)
    Warehousing and distribution expenses
    Marketing and selling expenses                                    (48.8)        (120.4)        (96.5)        (70.6)
    Administration and information technology expenses
    Net movement in expected credit loss allowance*

    Operating profit                                           3 392.6        3 442.6        2 450.4       2 468.7
    Other non-operating items
    Finance income                                      5      (6.4)          (278.7)                      (155.8)
    Finance costs
    Share of equity-accounted associate losses          6      573.0          618.2          513.2         540.5

                                                        6      (935.4) (1 022.5)             (601.8)       (616.7)

                                                        15     (6.7)          (63.2)

    Profit before taxation                                     3 017.1        2 696.4        2 361.8       2 236.7
    Taxation
                                                        7      (808.6)        (740.2)        (604.3)       (658.9)

    Profit after taxation                                      2 208.5        1 956.2        1 757.5       1 577.8
    Attributable to:
    Equity holders of the company                              2 265.5        2 074.7
    Non-controlling interests                                     (57.0)       (118.5)

    Other comprehensive income

    Items that will not be reclassified subsequently

    to profit or loss:

    Remeasurement of post-retirement medical aid        27.2      (9.2)        20.7          (9.2)         20.7
                                                                   2.5          (5.7)        2.5           (5.7)
    Deferred tax relating to remeasurement of                  537.4          189.3
                                                                (76.6)        (24.8)
    post-retirement medical aid
                                                               (218.8)           3.2
    Remeasurement of retirement funds                   27.1                    (0.4)
                                                                              294.2
    Deferred tax relating to remeasurement of

    retirement funds

    Items that may be reclassified subsequently

    to profit or loss:

    Gain on cash flow hedge

    Tax relating to gain on cash flow hedge

    Exchange differences from translation of

    foreign operations

    Total comprehensive income                                 2 443.8        2 432.7        1 750.8       1 592.8

    Attributable to:                                           2 493.8        2 557.1
    Equity holders of the company                                 (50.0)       (124.4)
    Non-controlling interests

    Earnings per share (cents)                          8      1 176.3        1 078.7
    Basic
    Diluted                                             8      1 173.8        1 075.0

    *In the current year, the net movement in expected credit loss allowance has been disclosed separately. The 2020 comparatives have
       been restated to achieve consistent presentation.
                                                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION      15

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF FINANCIAL POSITION

AS AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2021

                                                             GROUP                     COMPANY

Rmillion                                              Notes  2021         2020         2021        2020

ASSETS                                                       28 419.0     28 375.7     11 827.7    11 008.0
Non-current assets
                                                              8 192.5      8 725.3      2 455.5     2 331.2
Property, plant and equipment                         12      7 135.5      6 605.9         652.5       754.6
                                                              5 120.7      4 713.4
Right-of-use assets                                   24      6 837.1      6 983.4      4 583.7     4 144.9
                                                                                        1 185.3        987.3
Finance lease receivable                              24           94.6       102.9     2 052.2
                                                                   14.5         21.8                1 727.2
Goodwill and intangible assets                        13                         6.2         99.4      105.9
                                                                    7.6                      13.4        12.9
Investment in subsidiaries                            14         700.3        795.0
                                                                              199.0        572.5       630.9
Investment in associates and joint ventures           15           87.9       222.8          87.9      199.0
                                                                 228.3                                 114.1
Other investments                                     16                  24 324.2         125.3
                                                             23 618.3                              12 959.6
Operating lease receivable                                                 5 377.3     13 316.2
                                                              5 303.4     15 637.9                  2 221.7
Loans and other receivables                           18     15 327.9                   2 229.2     9 749.1
                                                                              288.9    10 003.6
Block discounting loan receivable                     17         226.9        204.4                      76.2
                                                                 199.5        163.6          83.4      118.7
Deferred taxation asset                               19         114.4                     109.7       163.6
                                                                                 0.9       114.4
Current assets                                                     25.4          0.9                      0.9
                                                                              716.8          18.1      612.9
Inventories                                           20         776.2     1 670.7
                                                              1 370.7         262.8        698.0         16.5
Trade and other receivables                           21                                     59.8
                                                                 273.9          38.7
Prepayments
                                                                   29.5   52 738.6
Loans and other receivables                           18
                                                             52 066.8
Current portion of block discounting loan receivable  17

Income tax receivable                                 22

Other current financial assets

Finance lease receivable                              24

Cash and cash equivalents ­ SPAR                      23

Cash and cash equivalents ­ Guilds and trusts         23

Assets held for sale                                                                         13.0        14.1
                                                                                       25 156.9    23 981.7
Total assets

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                        8 379.1      7 889.7     6 737.0     6 966.0
Capital and reserves                                                                   2 231.5     2 231.5
                                                              2 231.5      2 231.5
Stated capital                                        25          (13.3)       (15.3)    179.2       270.1
                                                                 576.4        590.3
Treasury shares                                       26         177.6         (70.3)  4 326.3     4 464.4
                                                                                       5 550.4     5 341.6
Reserves                                                      5 406.9      5 153.5

Non-controlling interests                                    20 571.2     19 694.3

Retained earnings                                                312.1        277.6
                                                                 810.9     1 270.0
Non-current liabilities
                                                                   50.1         49.7
Deferred taxation liability                           19      7 256.4      6 693.1

Post-employment benefit obligations                   27           89.8       203.5        173.4       159.5
                                                             12 051.9     11 200.4
Financial liabilities                                 28                                     36.3        78.6
                                                             23 116.5     25 154.6           89.8      203.5
Long-term borrowings                                  29                                5 250.9     4 900.0
                                                             18 266.4     19 411.4     12 869.5    11 674.1
Block discounting loan payable                        17                   2 102.5      9 998.9     9 744.9
                                                                 393.4        362.8
Finance lease payable                                 24         117.4        167.8          46.6        36.9
                                                                                12.9       117.4       167.8
Current liabilities                                                27.3    1 728.4
                                                              1 824.5         158.4          27.3        12.8
Trade and other payables                              30                   1 210.4         829.7       721.3
                                                                   72.0
Current portion of financial liabilities              28      2 415.5     52 738.6      1 849.6          72.1
                                                                                                       918.3
Current portion of long-term borrowings               29     52 066.8                  25 156.9
                                                                                                   23 981.7
Current portion of block discounting loan payable     17

Provisions

Finance lease payable                                 24

Income tax payable                                    22

Bank overdrafts                                       23

Total equity and liabilities
16  AFS 2021

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
    CHANGES IN EQUITY

    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2021

                                                                                             Currency       Share-
                                                                                                             based
                                                                           Stated   Treasury translation  payment
                                                                           capital                         reserve
    Rmillion                                                        Notes           shares   reserve

    GROUP

    Balance at 30 September 2019                                           2 231.5  (23.9)   257.8        285.9
    Change in accounting policy                                            2 231.5  (23.9)   257.8        285.9
    Balance at 1 October 2019

    Profit for the year

    Gain on cash flow hedge

    Remeasurement of post-retirement medical aid                    27

    Remeasurement of retirement funds                               27

    Recognition of share-based payments                                                                   22.2
                                                                                                          (46.6)
    Take-up of share options                                        26                91.8                46.6

    Transfer arising from take-up of share options                                    20.1                 (9.8)
                                                                                    (103.3)
    Settlement of share-based payments

    Treasury shares acquired                                        26

    Dividends paid                                                  10

    Transfer of financial liability to TIL JV

    Non-controlling interest arising on business acquisition

    Exchange rate translation                                                                300.1
                                                                                             557.9
    Balance at 30 September 2020                                           2 231.5  (15.3)                298.3

    Profit for the year

    Remeasurement of post-retirement medical aid                    27

    Remeasurement of retirement funds                               27

    Recognition of share-based payments                                                                   23.9
                                                                                                          (36.1)
    Take-up of share options                                        26                80.2                36.1
                                                                                                          (22.9)
    Transfer arising from take-up of share options                                    56.2
                                                                                    (134.4)
    Settlement of share-based payments

    Treasury shares acquired                                        26

    Dividends paid                                                  10

    Additional shareholding acquired from non-controlling interest

    Equity reserve transferred to retained earnings

    Exchange rate translation                                                                (225.8)
                                                                                             332.1
    Balance at 30 September 2021                                           2 231.5  (13.3)                299.3
                                                                           2 231.5
    COMPANY                                                                2 231.5

    Balance at 30 September 2019                                           2 231.5       ­   ­            285.9
    Change in accounting policy                                                          ­
                                                                           2 231.5
    Balance at 1 October 2019                                                       20.1     ­            285.9
                                                                                    (20.1)
    Profit for the year

    Remeasurement of post-retirement medical aid                    27

    Recognition of share-based payments                                                                   22.2
                                                                                                          (46.6)
    Contribution to employee share trust                                                                  46.6

    Transfer arising from take-up of share options                                                         (9.8)

    Settlement of share-based payments

    Treasury shares acquired                                        26

    Transfer of financial liability to TIL JV

    Dividends paid                                                  10

    Balance at 1 October 2020                                                       ­        ­            298.3

    Profit for the year

    Remeasurement of post-retirement medical aid                    27

    Recognition of share-based payments                                                                   23.9
                                                                                                          (36.1)
    Contribution to employee share trust                                                                  36.1
                                                                                                          (22.9)
    Transfer arising from take-up of share options

    Settlement of share-based payments                                              56.2
                                                                                    (56.2)
    Treasury shares acquired                                        26

    Capital reorganisation                                          14

    Dividends paid                                                  10

    Balance at 30 September 2021                                                    ­        ­            299.3
                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  17

                               Non-

Retained      Equity  Hedging controlling   Total
earnings     reserve                       equity
                      reserve  interest

5 496.1      (749.7)  (30.4)         ­     7 467.3
  (616.1)    (749.7)  (30.4)         ­       (616.1)
                               (118.5)
4 880.0      545.7      2.8                6 851.2
2 074.7       (33.7)             54.1
             (237.7)   (0.6)      (5.9)    1 956.2
     15.0             (28.2)    (70.3)           2.8
   164.5     186.2              (57.0)
               24.7   (28.2)                    15.0
    (46.6)    (26.8)            (17.9)        164.5
    (10.3)                     315.8
                                                22.2
(1 378.1)                          7.0          45.2
  (545.7)                      177.6
                                                    ­
5 153.5                                             ­
2 265.5                                      (103.3)
                                           (1 378.1)
      (6.7)                                         ­
   460.8                                        54.1
                                              259.9
    (36.1)
    (33.3)                                 7 889.7

(1 819.5)                                  2 208.5
  (391.1)                                        (6.7)
  (186.2)
                                              460.8
5 406.9                                         23.9
                                                44.1
                                                    ­
                                                    ­

                                             (134.4)
                                           (1 837.4)

                                               (75.3)
                                                    ­

                                             (194.1)

                                           8 379.1

3 463.0      (545.7)  (28.2)   ­           5 406.5
    (76.6)   (545.7)  (28.2)
                                           (76.6)
3 386.4      545.7    (28.2)
1 577.8            ­           ­           5 329.9
                      (28.2)
     15.0     (91.9)                       1 577.8
              (91.9)
    (46.6)                                 15.0
    (10.3)
                                           22.2
   920.2
(1 378.1)                                  (46.6)
4 464.4
1 757.5                                    ­

      (6.7)                                ­

    (36.1)                                 (20.1)
    (33.3)
                                           1 465.9
(1 819.5)
4 326.3                                    (1 378.1)

                               ­           6 966.0

                                           1 757.5
                                                 (6.7)
                                                23.9

                                               (36.1)
                                                    ­
                                                    ­

                                               (56.2)
                                               (91.9)
                                           (1 819.5)

                               ­           6 737.0
18  AFS 2021

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
    CASH FLOWS

    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2021

                                                                 GROUP                  COMPANY

    Rmillion                                             Notes   2021        2020       2021        2020

    CASHFLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                      32  1 783.4     3 844.0       125.6    1 341.0

    Cash generated from operations                           22  4 875.5     6 421.5    2 754.0     3 497.0
    Finance income received                                  10     542.4       573.7      490.3       493.8
    Finance costs paid                                             (872.8)     (913.5)    (587.9)     (590.5)
    Taxation paid                                         33.4     (924.3)     (859.6)    (711.3)     (681.2)
    Dividends paid                                        33.2
                                                                 (1 837.4)   (1 378.1)  (1 819.5)   (1 378.1)
    CASHFLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                   32.2
                                                          32.2     (658.2)   (1 502.4)    (160.0)        97.7
    Acquisition of businesses/subsidiaries
    Proceeds from disposal of businesses                     28    (208.7)     (681.6)      (44.2)    (259.8)
    Proceeds on disposal of assets held for sale          32.3      137.6                  123.9
    Investment to expand PPE and intangible assets        32.3                    25.0                   12.1
    Investment to maintain operations                     32.3         5.1     (929.9)        0.9     (141.8)
                                                                   (978.4)     (368.1)    (426.5)     (124.6)
    ­ Replacement of PPE and intangible assets               26    (394.7)                (162.1)
    ­ Proceeds on disposal of PPE
                                                                 (463.9)     (449.1)    (180.6)     (140.7)
    Principal element of lease receipts                            69.2        81.0       18.5        16.1
    Cash inflows on loans and investments
    Cash outflows on loans and investments                          716.8       649.5   636.0       559.3
                                                                    557.1       283.2   443.5       362.8
    CASHFLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                            (493.0)     (480.5)  (731.5)     (310.3)

    Proceeds from exercise of share options                      (2 541.3)   (1 821.3)  (853.6)     (690.1)
    Settlement of financial liability
    Principal element of lease payments                               44.1        45.1  (760.5)       (670.0)
    Proceeds from borrowings                                     (1 962.1)     (884.4)   (36.8)
    Repayments of borrowings                                     (1 739.3)   (1 547.6)   (56.3)         (20.1)
    Non-controlling interest share repurchases                   2 284.7        937.3                  748.6
    Treasury shares acquired                                                   (268.4)  (888.0)     (1 650.4)
                                                                   (959.0)              (901.8)
                                                                     (75.3)    (103.3)

                                                                   (134.4)

    Net (decrease)/increase during the year                      (1 416.1)   520.3
    Net cash balances/(overdrafts) at beginning of year             723.1    (67.4)
    Exchange rate translation                                        (77.9)  270.2

    Net (overdrafts)/cash balances at end of year        23        (770.9)   723.1      (1 789.8)   (901.8)
                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   19

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2021

1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      Statement of compliance

        The consolidated (group) and separate (company) annual financial statements are stated in South African rand and are
        prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and its interpretations adopted by the
        International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) in issue and effective for the group at 30 September 2020, the
        SAICA Financial Reporting Guides, as issued by the Accounting Practices Committee and Financial Pronouncements
        as issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Council and the Companies Act of South Africa, 71 of 2008, as
        amended and the Listings Requirements of the JSE Limited.

      Basis of preparation

        The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the revaluation of financial
        instruments, the valuation of share-based payments and the post-retirement obligations. Historical cost is generally
        based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services. The principal accounting
        policies are consistent with those of the previous year. The group has considered and adopted all new standards,
        interpretations and amendments to existing standards that are effective as at year-end.

      Functional and presentation currency

        South African rand

      Rounding policy

        Rand million

      New accounting pronouncements

        The following new standards relevant to the group, which are not yet effective, have not yet been adopted by the
        directors. The directors continue to assess the impact thereof.

Applicable       Description                                                                  Expected impact to the
standard                                                                                      annual financial state-
                                                                                              ments

IFRS 3 ­         This amendment updates reference to the 2018 Conceptual Framework,           No expected impact as
Business         adds a requirement that transactions and other events within the scope       these transactions are
combinations     of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 must be accounted for per IAS 37 and IFRIC 21 to       unlikely to occur. Changes
                 identify the liabilities assumed in a business combination and adds an       to be assessed as and when
                 explicit statement that an acquirer does not recognise contingent assets     such transactions take
                 acquired in a business combination.                                          place.

                 The effective date being annual periods beginning on or after
                 1 January 2022.

IAS 16 ­         The amendment prohibits the deduction of proceeds from selling               No expected impact

Property, plant items produced while bringing an asset into use from the cost of that

and equipment asset. The entity must recognise the proceeds from sale, and the

                 cost of producing those items, in profit or loss.

                 The effective date being annual periods beginning on or after
                 1 January 2022.

IAS 1 ­          The amendment clarifies that the classification of liabilities must be       No expected change as
Presentation of  based on whether the right to defer settlement by at least twelve            standard is currently
financial        months exists at the end of the reporting period. It further states that     appropriately applied.
statements       classification is unaffected by expectation of settlement, that
                 settlement refers to transfer of cash, equity instruments, other assets
                 or services and that only if an embedded derivative in a convertible
                 liability is itself an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not
                 impact its classification.

                 The effective date being annual periods beginning on or after
                 1 January 2023.

IFRS 17 ­        IFRS 17 was issued as a replacement for IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts. It       The new rules may affect the
Insurance        requires a current measurement model where estimates are remeasured          accounting for financial
contracts        in each reporting period. Contracts are measured using the building          guarantee contracts currently
                 blocks of: discontinued probability-weighted cash flows; an explicit risk    accounted for under IFRS 4
                 adjustment, and a contractual service margin.                                and the impact is still being
                                                                                              assessed.
                 The effective date being annual periods beginning on or after
                 1 January 2023.
20  AFS 2021

    1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

          Significant accounting policies

            The following is a summary of the significant accounting policies applicable to the consolidated annual financial
            statements. These accounting policies include only the areas in IFRS where elections have been made or policy
            choices exercised (including the choice or election made) as well as measurement criteria applied. The accounting
            policies also include information where it will assist users in understanding how transactions, other events and
            conditions are reflected in reported financial performance and financial position and was included based on its
            significance thereof.

    Reference index                                      Accounting        Note reference
                                                   policy reference            if applicable
    Significant area
                                                                      1.1                    33
    Basis of consolidation                                            1.2
    Foreign currencies                                                1.3                    12
    Business combinations                                                                    24
    Assets and liabilities                                            1.5                    13
    Property, plant and equipment                                     1.6                    13
    Right of use assets and leases                                 1.3.2                     14
    Goodwill                                                          1.7                    15
    Intangible assets                                              1.3.1                     39
    Investment in subsidiaries                                        1.4                    19
    Investments in associates and joint ventures                    1.16                     20
    Financial instruments                                           1.18                     23
    Deferred tax                                                    1.12                     27
    Inventories                                                     1.14                     22
    Cash and cash equivalents and bank overdrafts                   1.17
    Post-employment benefit obligations                             1.18                       2
    Income tax payable/receivable
    Profit and loss                                                   1.8                      4
    Revenue from contracts with customers                           1.11                       3
    Cost of sales                                                                              6
    Other income                                                      1.9                      6
    Employee benefits                                               1.17                     15
    Finance income                                                  1.10                       7
    Finance costs                                                   1.10
    Share of equity accounted associate losses                                               25
    Taxation                                                          1.4
    Capital and reserves                                            1.18                     26
    Stated capital
    Reserves                                                        1.15
    Treasury shares                                                 1.15
                                                                    1.15

    1.1 Basis of consolidation

            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the results and financial position of the company and all its
            subsidiaries, which are defined as entities over which the group has the ability to exercise control so as to
            obtain benefits from their activities. The results of subsidiaries are included from the effective dates of acquisition
            and up to the effective dates of disposal. All intercompany transactions and balances between group companies
            are eliminated. Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring the
            accounting policies in line with those used by the group.

            Investments acquired with the intention of disposal within 12 months are not consolidated.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                                             21

1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

1.2 Foreign currency transactions

                 Transactions in currencies other than the rand are initially recorded at the exchange rate on the date of the
                 transaction. All assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate at the
                 reporting date. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on reporting the group's
                 monetary items at rates different from those at which they were initially recorded, are recognised to profit or loss
                 in the period which they arise.

                 The individual financial statements of each group entity are presented in the currency of the primary economic
                 environment in which the entity operates (its functional currency). For the purpose of the consolidated financial
                 statements, the results and financial position of each entity is expressed in rand, which is the functional currency of
                 the company, and the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements. For the purpose of presenting
                 consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the group's foreign operations (including comparatives)
                 are expressed in rand using exchange rates prevailing at year-end. Profit or loss items (including comparatives) are
                 translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly during that
                 period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used. All resulting translational
                 differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and presented as a separate component of equity in the
                 currency translation reserve.

                 Goodwill and fair value adjustments to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed through acquisition
                 of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the rate of
                 exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other
                 comprehensive income.

      1.3 Business combinations

                 The company's investments in ordinary shares of its subsidiaries are carried at cost less accumulated impairment
                 and if denominated in foreign currencies, are translated at historical rates. With the group policy as follows:

               1.3.1 INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES
                         Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the group. The group also considers the following facts and
                         circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an entity:

                         a) Rights arising from contractual arrangements
                         b) The group's voting rights and potential voting rights

                         The acquisition of businesses are accounted for under the acquisition method. The cost of the acquisition
                         is measured at the aggregate of the fair values, at the date of the exchange of assets given, liabilities
                         incurred or assumed, and equity instruments issued by the group in exchange for control of the acquiree.
                         Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

                         Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, which is the date on which the group obtains
                         control of the subsidiary and continue to be consolidated until the date that control ceases.

               1.3.2 GOODWILL
                         The acquiree's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the conditions for
                         recognition under IFRS 3 Business Combinations, are recognised at their fair values at acquisition date,
                         with the difference between the consideration transferred recognised as goodwill.

                         Goodwill arising on acquisition is initially recognised at cost with an annual impairment test.

                         For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the group's cash-generating units
                         (CGUs). CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated are tested annually for impairment or more frequently
                         when there is an indication that the CGU may be impaired. Any impairment loss is recognised directly to
                         profit and loss. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period. On
                         disposal of an entity, attributable goodwill is included in the determination of the profit and loss on
                         disposal.

                         If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in
                         which the combination occurs, the group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the
                         accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period, or
                         additional assets or liabilities that are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and
                         circumstances that existed at the acquisition date, that if known, would have affected the amounts
                         recognised at that date.

                         For assets acquired, to be considered a business, the acquisition would have to include an input and a
                         substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs in the form of
                         goods and services to customers.
22  AFS 2021

    1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

          1.3 Business combinations continued

                   1.3.2 GOODWILL continued
                             When the consideration transferred by the group in a business combination includes assets or liabilities
                             resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its
                             acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the purchase consideration in a business combination.
                             Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments
                             are adjusted retrospectively, with corresponding adjustments against goodwill. Measurement period
                             adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the "measurement
                             period" (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that
                             existed at the acquisition date.

                             The subsequent accounting for changes in fair value of the contingent consideration that do not qualify
                             as measurement period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified.
                             A contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates
                             and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified
                             as an asset or a liability is remeasured at subsequent reporting dates in accordance with IFRS 9 Financial
                             Instruments, or IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, as appropriate, with
                             the corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

                   1.3.3 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (NCI)
                             Non-ownership interests and are measured at their proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net
                             assets at the date of acquisition.

                             Arrangements to acquire non-controlling interests at future dates are recognised as financial liabilities at
                             the present value of the expected payment. Changes in the measurement of the financial liability due to
                             unwinding of the discount, changes in the expected future payment or foreign exchange translation are
                             recognised in profit or loss as a fair value adjustment. The effect of translating the closing balance of
                             financial liabilities to the reporting currency is reported in other comprehensive income. In such cases,
                             The SPAR Group Limited consolidates 100% of the subsidiary's results.

                   1.3.4 CONSOLIDATED ENTITIES
                             Entities where SPAR has effective control through control over the board are consolidated using the
                             principles described above.

                   1.3.5 CHANGE IN OWNERSHIP INTERESTS
                             Entities where SPAR has acquired a further share capital arising in control of the investee, shall be treated
                             as a business combination through a step acquisition.

                             SPAR shall remeasure its previously held equity interest in the acquiree at its acquisition-date fair value
                             and recognise the resulting gain or loss, if any, in profit or loss or other comprehensive income,
                             as appropriate.

                   1.3.6 INTERCOMPANY TRANSACTIONS
                             All intergroup balances, transactions, income and expenses are eliminated in full in the consolidated
                             annual financial statements.

          1.4 Investment in associates and joint ventures

                     Associates include investees for which SPAR has a significant influence but not control. Significant influence is
                     currently assessed as a shareholding greater than 20% and the IFRS 10 control assessment is not met.

                     Joint ventures include investments for which SPAR holds shared control with other investors in equal proportion.

                     The company's investments in ordinary shares of its associates and joint ventures are carried at cost less
                     accumulated impairment and if denominated in foreign currencies, are translated at historical rates.

                     The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these consolidated
                     financial statements using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, an investment in an
                     associate or joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and
                     adjusted thereafter to recognise the group's share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the
                     associate or joint venture.

                     When the group's share of losses of an associate and joint venture exceeds the group's interest in that associate
                     or joint venture the group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised
                     only to the extent that the group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of
                     the associate or joint venture.

                     .
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                        23

1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

1.5 Property, plant and equipment (PPE)

        Property, plant and equipment are initially recognised at cost, plus any initial direct costs incurred directly
        attributable to bringing the asset to a point capable of operating in the manner intended by management and
        subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

Land and buildings are held for use in the supply of goods.

Improvements to leasehold properties are shown at cost and written off over the remaining period of the lease
and the asset's useful life.

The cost less residual values of property, plant and equipment is depreciated over their estimated useful lives
on a straight-line basis. The useful lives and residual values of all assets are reviewed annually and are adjusted
should any changes arise. Depreciation is recognised in profit or loss. No depreciation is provided for land and
assets under construction. The following depreciation rates apply to the categories below:

Category                                 Depreciation method  Useful life

Buildings                                Straight line        0% ­         2% per annum
Motor vehicles                           Straight line        10% ­        25% per annum
Internal transport, plant and equipment  Straight line        6.7% ­       33.3% per annum
Office equipment, fixtures and fittings  Straight line        4% ­         33.3% per annum
Computer equipment                       Straight line        10% ­        33.3% per annum

Assets are tested for impairment, when there is an indication that it may be impaired, by determining the
recoverable amount of the assets at a CGU level. With any resulting impairment recognised in profit or loss
should the recoverable amount have declined below the carrying value of the asset.

1.6 Right of use (ROU) assets and leases

        ROU assets include all categories of assets as described in the PPE note above. These ROU assets are measured
        at cost comprising of the initial measurement of the lease liability, initial direct cost, any lease payments made at
        or before the commencement date less any incentives received.

        ROU assets are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
        losses and are depreciated over the shorter period between the lease term and the useful life of the asset on a
        straight line basis.

        Where the group head leases a property and enters into a back-to-back sublease arrangement with a lessee, the
        group recognises a finance lease receivable rather than a right-of-use asset. Depreciation is recognised on the
        shorter of the lease term or useful life of the leased asset.

        Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are due at the commencement
        date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, where this cannot be determined the lessee's
        incremental borrowing rate is used. Financing income is recognised and measured on the lease liability as
        described in 1.10 below.

        Lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost and remeasured when there is a change in future
        lease payments arising from a change in term or if the group changes its assessment on whether it will exercise a
        purchase, extension or termination option at the end of the contract.

        The group has applied the use of a single discount rate to each portfolio of leases that have reasonably similar
        terms, underlying assets and economic circumstances. The majority of property leases within each segment are
        on similar underlying assets (stores) within similar economic environments, and with the same lease terms.
        However, the Irish portfolio of leases is further split into leases based in Ireland and in the UK.

        The group accounts for leases with remaining lease terms of less than 12 months as short term leases. No ROU
        asset recognised with lease payments recognised as an expense, on a straight line basis, in profit or loss.

        Variable payment terms are mainly used on the lease of a store where a portion of the rental is based on the
        turnover made by the store. Variable payment terms also occur when the utility costs related to a property are
        on-charged as part of the rental. These variable lease payments are recognised in profit or loss in the period in
        which the condition that triggers those payments occurs.

        SPAR considers smaller items of leased equipment as "low value" with corresponding lease payments recognised
        on a straight line basis in profit or loss.
24  AFS 2021

    1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

          1.7 Intangible assets

                     Intangible assets comprise those identifiable non-monetary assets without physical substance. Intangible
                     assets acquired through business combinations are recognised separately from goodwill are initially recognised
                     at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

                     Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are measured at cost
                     less accumulated amortisation and any recognised impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets
                     that are acquired separately and are amortised on a straight line basis over it's useful life.

                     Computer software and licenses are recognised at cost, plus any initial direct costs incurred directly attributable
                     to bringing the asset to a point capable of operating in the manner intended by management and are
                     subsequently measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any recognised impairment losses.

                     Intangible assets acquired separately and through business combinations are amortised on a straight line basis
                     over it's useful life with computer software and licenses amortised on a straight line basis at a range between
                     8.3% and 20%.

                     Acquired brands are considered to have indefinite useful lives and are not amortised but are tested at least
                     annually for impairment and carried at cost less any recognised impairment.

                     As required by the applicable accounting standards, management conducts annual impairment tests to assess
                     the recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite useful life intangible assets. Determining
                     whether goodwill and indefinite useful life intangible assets are impaired requires an estimation of the value in
                     use of the CGU to which the goodwill and intangible assets relate. The value-in-use calculation requires the
                     entity to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGU and a suitable discount rate to calculate
                     the present value. Details of the assumptions used in the impairment tests are in note 13.

                     An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or
                     disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net
                     disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

                     General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
                     of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset
                     for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get
                     ready for their intended use.

          1.8 Revenue from contract with customers

                     Our revenue mainly comprise the revenue from the sale of merchandise, marketing and promotional activities
                     as well as franchise fees. Revenue is recognised on a transfer of control basis.

                     Revenue from sale of merchandise include warehouse and dropshipment sales which are recognised only once
                     all performance obligations of SPAR to the retailer have been satisfied and to the extent that it is highly probable
                     that a significant reversal will not occur. Transfer of control occurs at a point in time on the day our merchandise
                     is delivered to the retailer together with a signed goods received note.

                     Other revenue includes marketing services rendered, promotional activities provided and franchise fees received.
                     Marketing and promotional activities are recognised in terms of the relevant contractual arrangements. The group
                     is satisfied that these services are distinct within the context of the relevant contracts. Transfer of control occurs
                     over time in which the services are rendered and in the case of franchise fees over the duration of the contract.

                     Revenue from sales is measured based on the price specified in the contract net of value added tax (VAT),
                     rebates, discounts and other allowances.

                     The group does not expect to have any contracts where the period between the transfer of goods or services,
                     and the receipt of payment exceeds a year as the payment for sales is either due immediately or made with a
                     credit term of between 19 and 48 days, which is consistent with market practice. Therefore, the transaction
                     prices are not adjusted for the time value of money.

          1.9 Other income

                     Comprises dividends, rental, commission income and income from marketing or sundry services all inclusive of
                     both amounts received and accrued for.

                     Dividend received is recognised as and when the company is entitled to receive such dividend unless the
                     dividend is due from an entity which operates under severe long term restrictions. Dividends from these
                     companies are recognised on a cash basis.

                     Rental income in respect of short term leases is recognised on a straight line basis over the lease term.

                     Income from marketing and other services is recognised when the related promotional activity or service has
                     occurred. Other income is measured at fair value being the consideration received.

          1.10 Finance income and costs

                     Finance income includes interest received or accrued on surplus cash balances, loans receivable, finance lease
                     receivables, overdue debtors and the financial asset described in 1.16. This income is recognised in profit or loss
                     using the effective interest rate method.

                     Finance costs include interest paid or accrued on bank overdrafts, loans payable, finance lease payables and
                     the financial liabilities described in 1.16. This expense is recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest
                     rate method.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                                       25

1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

      1.11 Cost of sales

                 Cost of sales represents the net cost of purchases from suppliers after discounts, rebates and incentive
                 allowances received from suppliers, adjusted for opening and closing inventory.

                 Rebates and allowances include volume-related rebates, promotional and marketing allowances, other fees
                 and discounts, and are received in connection with the purchase of goods or for the provision of services.

      1.12 Inventories

                 The carrying value of inventory comprise the stock on hand at the reporting date net of any obsolescence
                 provision raised.

                 Stock is initially measured at cost, which comprise the cost to purchase, cost of conversion and other costs
                 incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition and is subsequently measured at the
                 lower of cost and net realisable value.

                 Cost is determined on a weighted average basis. Obsolete, redundant and slow-moving inventory is identified
                 and written down to estimated economic or realisable values. Net realisable value represents the selling price
                 less all estimated costs to be incurred in the marketing, selling and distribution thereof.

                 When inventory is sold, the carrying amount is recognised to cost of sales. Any write-down of inventory to net
                 realisable value and all losses of inventory or reversals of previous write-downs are recognised in cost of sales.

                 The provision for obsolescence represents management's estimate of the extent to which inventory on hand at
                 the reporting date will be sold below cost. This estimate takes into consideration past trends, evidence of
                 impairment at year-end and an assessment of future saleability.

      1.13 Provisions

                 Provisions are recognised when the company has a legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events,
                 where it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
                 obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made.

                 Provisions are raised for supplier claims when distribution centres expect a cash outflow to occur for claims
                 made by suppliers.

                 Supplier provisions are subsequently measured using managements best estimate on the outflow expected to
                 occur resulting in increases or decreases to the said provision.

                 The provisions for supplier claims, termination of leases and onerous leases represent management's best
                 estimate of the group's liability. The supplier claims provision represents the value of disputed deliveries and
                 other issues. Termination of leases relates to specific leases which have been identified for surrender. The
                 provision is based on historic experience of three years' rental to surrender. Onerous lease provisions represent
                 the value by which the unavoidable costs of meeting lease obligations exceed the economic benefits expected
                 to be received under certain lease agreements.

      1.14 Cash and cash equivalents and bank overdrafts

                 Cash comprises cash on hand and cash at banks. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that
                 are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value, are
                 initially carried at cost and subsequently measured at cost and where these balances are denominated in foreign
                 currencies, are translated at the relevant closing exchange rates.

                 Bank overdrafts are disclosed separately on the face of the consolidated statement of financial position.

      1.15 Capital and reserves

                 Capital and reserves of the group include the following:

                 · Share capital
                 · Reserves
                 · Treasury shares

                 Share capital include the ordinary shares issued by the company and is recorded at the net of proceeds
                 received and issue costs.

                 Reserves include the foreign currency translation (FCTR), share-based payment (SBP) and equity and hedging
                 reserve. The FCTR comprises the effect of translating group companies from their functional currency
                 to rands at the respective reporting date. While the SBP reserve arises as a result of IFRS 2 transactions,
                 the relevant share scheme is measured net of options/shares granted to and taken up by participants.

                 Treasury shares are purchases made by the group of its own equity instruments and those held in trust.
                 The consideration paid is deducted from equity. Where shares repurchased are subsequently sold, the
                 consideration received is included in equity attributable to owners of The SPAR Group Limited, net of any directly
                 attributable incremental transaction cost and the related tax effects. No profit or loss is recorded.

                 The equity reserve described above originates as a result of the NCI purchase obligation financial liabilities,
                 refer to note 28 for further detail.
26  AFS 2021

    1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

    1.16 Financial instruments

            Financial assets and liabilities are recognised in the statement of financial position when the company or group
            becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. The below is an illustration of our major
            categories of financial instruments including how these are recognised and measured:

              Category               Includes                               Recognition and measurement

              Financial assets       Loans and other receivables            Initially recognised at fair value plus initial direct
                                     Block discounting loan receivable      costs and subsequently measured at amortised
                                     Trade and other receivables            cost using the effective interest rate method less
                                     Lease receivables                      expected credit losses.
                                     Cash and cash equivalents

              Financial liabilities  Long-term borrowings                   Initially recognised at fair value plus initial direct
                                     Block discounting loan payables        costs and subsequently measured at amortised
                                     Other financial liabilities            cost using the effective interest rate method less
                                     Bank overdrafts                        expected credit losses.

              Derivative financial   The group uses derivative financial    At fair value with changes recognised in the
              instruments            instruments, principally forward       hedging reserve disclosed in the statement of
                                     exchange contracts, to reduce its      changes in equity.
                                     exposure to foreign exchange risk.

              Financial guarantee    The guarantees provided by the         These financial guarantees are accounted for
              contracts              group to subsidiaries and affiliates.  under IFRS 4 and initially measured at cost and
                                                                            subsequently in terms of IAS 37 which requires
                                                                            the best estimate of the expenditure to settle the
                                                                            present obligation.

              The group makes use of an allowance account to recognise any loss allowances as prescribed by IFRS 9 Financial
              Instruments. The group estimates it's ECL provision as follows:

              TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES:
              The simplified method is used, whereby lifetime expected losses are estimated using a matrix approach.
              Historical loss rates are adjusted for forward looking factors to calculate an adjusted rate which is applied to the
              trade receivable balances in various ageing buckets (after removing specifically provided for debtors).

              LOANS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS:
              A probability of default (PD) method is used and involves applying these PD's to the various loans in its relevant
              stages, taking into account relevant forward looking factors.

              In measuring the financial guarantee contracts, management applied judgement in assessing the best estimate
              of the expenditure to settle the present obligation. The risks and uncertainties that inevitably surround many
              events and circumstances shall be taken into account in reaching the best estimate of the provision. Management
              has assessed that the amount that it would rationally pay to settle the obligation is nil. Refer to note 34 for
              further details.

    1.17 Employee benefits

            Employee benefits comprise the following:

            · Short-term benefits
            · Post-employment medical aid benefits
            · Post-employment retirement benefits
            · Long-term employee benefits

            Short-term benefits include the employee's basic salary, performance related bonuses, travel allowances and
            other benefits. Short-term employee benefits are recognised as incurred, usually the earlier of payment or
            accrual date. The expected cost of bonus payments are recognised as an expense when there is a legal or
            constructive obligation to make such payments as a result of past performances.

            The company provides post-retirement healthcare benefits to certain of its retirees. The entitlement to these
            benefits is based on qualifying employees remaining in service until retirement age. These are measured using the
            projected unit credit method of valuation to calculate the post-retirement medical aid obligations, which costs are
            accrued over the period of employment. Actuarial gains and losses are recognised immediately in equity as other
            comprehensive income. These benefits are actuarially valued annually. The liability is unfunded.

            Post-retirement benefits include the payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans which are
            recognised as an expense when employees have rendered services entitling them to the contributions.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                                              27

1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

      1.17 Employee benefits continued

                 For defined benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected unit credit method, with
                 actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each reporting period. The group presents the service costs
                 and net interest income or expense in profit or loss in the line item `defined benefit plan expenses'. Curtailment
                 gains and losses are accounted for as past service costs. Remeasurements, comprising actuarial gains and
                 losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling (if applicable) and the return on plan assets (excluding interest)
                 are reflected immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a charge or credit recognised in
                 other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur.

                 Remeasurements recognised in other comprehensive income are reflected immediately in retained earnings and
                 shall not be reclassified to profit or loss.

                 Past service costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment.

                 Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net defined benefit
                 liability or asset. The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                 represents the actual deficit or surplus in the group's defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from this
                 calculation is limited to the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan
                 or reductions in future contributions to the plans.

                 For defined benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected unit credit method, with
                 actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each reporting period.

                 Long-term employee benefits include the following share-based payments:

               SHARE OPTION SCHEME
                 The group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain employees. These share-based payments
                 are measured at fair value at the date of the grant and are recognised to profit or loss on a straight-line basis
                 over the vesting period, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payment reserve. Fair value is
                 measured at grant date by use of a binomial model. The expected life used in the model is adjusted, based on
                 management's best estimate of the effect of non-market vesting conditions.

               CONDITIONAL SHARE PLAN (CSP)
                 The group operates a CSP under which it receives services from employees as consideration for equity
                 instruments of the company. In terms of the CSP, the group has granted shares to executives, senior
                 management and key talent specifically identified in the form of performance share awards.

                 Equity-settled share-based payments are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.
                 The fair value of the employee service received in exchange for the grant of shares is recognised as an expense
                 on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payment
                 reserve. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of shares granted,
                 including any market performance conditions and excluding the impact of any non-market performance vesting
                 conditions. Non-market performance vesting conditions are included in the assumptions regarding the number
                 of shares granted that are expected to vest. At the end of each reporting period, the group revises its estimates
                 of the number of shares granted that are expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates,
                 if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a
                 corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve.

      1.18 Taxation

                 The taxation expense is determined as the sum of the current and deferred taxation amounts recognised in
                 profit or loss. Current tax assets or liabilities arise from the balance receivable or payable to relevant tax
                 authorities.

                 Current taxation is payable based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit will differ from reported profit
                 because it will exclude items of profit or loss that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes
                 items that are never taxable or deductible. The group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that
                 have been substantively enacted at the statement of financial position date.

                 Deferred tax assets or liabilities arise from timing differences between IFRS and relevant tax law's creating
                 future charges or deductions for taxation purposes.

                 Deferred taxation is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and the
                 corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit, and is accounted for using the statement of
                 financial position method. Deferred tax liabilities and assets are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
                 differences and effectively represents the "accrual" adjustment to current taxation payable excluding the effect
                 of permanent differences.

                 Deferred taxation is calculated using taxation rates at the statement of financial position date and is charged or
                 credited to the statement of comprehensive income, except when it relates to items credited or charged directly
                 to equity, in which case the deferred taxation is dealt with in equity.

                 Deferred taxation assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill.

                 Deferred taxation assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
                 against which future deductible temporary differences can be utilised. The carrying amount of deferred taxation
                 assets are reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
                 taxable profits will be available.
28  AFS 2021

    1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

          1.19 Key management judgements and estimates

                     There are a number of areas where judgement is applied in the application of the accounting policies in the
                     consolidated financial statements.

                     Significant areas of judgements and estimates have been identified as:

                   CONSOLIDATION OF GUILDS
                     Management have consolidated the Guilds on the basis that The SPAR Group Limited has effective control over
                     these entities in accordance with a control assessment performed by management with reference to the
                     requirements of IFRS 10: Consolidated Financial Statements.

                     Management concluded that in relation to the marketing and advertising activities of the Guilds, the Guilds act as
                     an agent on behalf of the independent retailers who form part of the voluntary trading groups. As a result, the
                     Guilds account for the marketing and advertising income and expenditure as an agent, i.e. on a net agency basis.
                     This net amount is then included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                   CONTROL OVER RETAIL STORES ACQUIRED
                     Note 33 details the acquisition of retail stores. In these acquisitions 100% of the assets of the business were
                     acquired. The directors of the company assessed whether or not the group has control over these retail stores
                     based on whether the group has the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the stores unilaterally. As
                     no other party has the ability to direct the activities of the business, the directors concluded that the group has
                     control over the retail stores acquired.

                   ACQUISITION OF ASSETS VS BUSINESS
                     An acquisition is considered a business combination if the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constitute
                     a business. Management applies judgement in order to assess whether assets purchased constitute a business
                     by assessing the facts and circumstances of the transaction. Management considers whether the purchase
                     includes an integrated set of activities (inputs and processes) that is capable of being managed and conducted
                     in order to provide a return. In instances where only an asset such as a property, is purchased, with no related
                     processes and inputs, this is treated as an acquisition of an asset rather than a business. In instances such as
                     the purchase of a store, which includes the employment of staff, and processes relating to the running of the
                     store that can be managed in order to provide a return, the assets acquired are treated as a business
                     in terms of IFRS 3.

                   DIRECTLY ATTRIBUTABLE COSTS AND USEFUL LIFE OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                     During the financial period, the Polish business acquired a license to operate the SPAR brand in Poland.
                     Included in the cost of acquiring the license asset are legal fees and settlement costs which management have
                     assessed as being directly attributable to obtain control and bring the asset into the condition necessary for
                     operating in the manner intended by management and have been capitalised to the asset. Management have
                     applied their judgement and assessed the useful life of the license asset above, as indefinite in line with the
                     substance of all agreements.

                   MACRO-ECONOMIC FORWARD LOOKING FACTORS IN EXPECTED LOSS MODEL
                     The group has identified the inflation rate, fuel costs, the prime interest rate and the unemployment rate as the
                     most relevant factors in calculating a forward looking adjustment to the historical loss rates. These have been
                     applied to the loss rates in the expected credit loss model for loans and trade and other receivables.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                                         29

1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

      1.19 Key management judgements and estimates continued

               LIABILITIES ARISING FROM NCI PURCHASE OBLIGATION
                 This type of liability arises when new acquisitions have contractual obligations enabling non-controlling interest
                 shareholders to put their shares back to the group at an agreed price. The liability to the non-controlling interest
                 of S Buys Holdings (Pty) Ltd (holding company of the S Buys Group) is the agreed price is based on future earnings
                 which need to be estimated and discounted back to calculate the present value. Details of assumptions can be
                 found in notes 28 and 39.

               PROBABILITY OF VESTING OF RIGHTS TO EQUITY INSTRUMENTS GRANTED IN TERMS OF
               THE CSP
                 The cumulative expense recognised in terms of the group's CSP reflects, in the opinion of the directors, the
                 number of rights to equity instruments granted that will ultimately vest. At each reporting date, the unvested
                 rights are adjusted by the number forfeited during the year to reflect the actual number of instruments
                 outstanding. Management is of the opinion that this number, adjusted for future attrition rates and performance
                 conditions, represents the most accurate estimate of the number of instruments that will ultimately vest.

               SUPPLIER REBATES
                 Management applied judgement in assessing whether rebates and other income should be presented as a
                 reduction of cost of sales, included in revenue ­ other or offset in expenses. In this regard, management
                 assessed whether the services provided to the suppliers are considered part of the overall supplier relationship
                 in accordance with IAS 2 Inventories, or are distinct and specific services, or whether the income received
                 represents a genuine refund of selling expenses.

               DROPSHIPMENT AGENT VS PRINCIPAL
                 Revenue from the sale of merchandise is recognised as and when the control over goods and services are
                 transferred to customers. The group has assessed its dropshipment sales which is recorded on a gross
                 principal basis and has concluded that this will continue to be recognised on a gross basis.

               TAXATION
                 The group is subject to taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining the
                 worldwide accrual for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations during the ordinary course
                 of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The group recognises liabilities for anticipated
                 income tax positions based on best informed estimates of whether additional income taxes will be due.
                 Where the final income tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded,
                 such differences will impact the current income tax and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period
                 in which such determination is made.

                 Estimation is also required of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities and
                 their tax base. Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences but, where there are
                 deductible temporary differences, management's judgement is required as to whether a deferred tax asset
                 should be recognised based on the availability of future taxable profits.

               NORMALISED HEADLINE EARNINGS PER SHARE
                 Normalised headline earnings is calculated as an additional performance indicator, to take into account the
                 effect of business-defined items that have affected headline earnings during the year. This is calculated as
                 headline earnings, adjusted for fair value adjustments to financial liabilities, foreign exchange gains or losses on
                 financial liabilities and business acquisitions costs.
30  AFS 2021

    1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES continued

          1.19 Key management judgements and estimates continued

                   LEASE RENEWALS
                     In determining the number of years of rental payments which should be present valued for the purpose of IFRS 16,
                     renewal options should be considered when the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise.

                     In South Africa, the majority of property leases are entered into for an initial period of 10 years, with renewal
                     options of five years. It has been concluded that these renewal options will only be recognised when it is reasonably
                     certain that they will be entered into which is generally within six months of the renewal coming into effect.

                     In Ireland, management have identified only two leases for which they are reasonably certain not to exercise break
                     clauses. No renewal assumptions/rights have been incorporated into the lease terms for these two properties.

                     In Switzerland, renewal clauses have been taken into account on a lease by lease basis where it is applicable and
                     it is considered to be reasonably certain that the group will exercise the renewal options in order to retain control
                     of the sites.

                     In determining the number of years of rental payments which should be present valued for the purpose of IFRS 16,
                     renewal options should be considered when the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise.

                   SEGMENTAL REPORTING
                     The principal segments of the group have been identified on a primary basis by geographical segment which is
                     representative of the internal reporting used for management purposes as well as the source and nature of
                     business risks and returns. These geographical segments also represent operating segments as they meet the
                     quantitative threshold.

                   OTHER NON-OPERATING ITEMS
                     Other non-operating items include the fair value adjustments on financial liabilities as well as business
                     acquisition costs.

                                                    GROUP                     COMPANY

            Rmillion                                2021         2020         2021       2020

    2. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH                  127 940.5    124 277.4    77 107.3   74 865.7
          CUSTOMERS                                    2 454.5      2 366.9       895.5      834.8

            Revenue ­ sale of merchandise              1 730.6      1 706.0       895.5      834.8
            Revenue ­ other                               437.3        401.5
                                                          286.6        259.4
              Marketing and service revenues
              Franchise fees
              Other services

    Total revenue                                   130 395.0 126 644.3       78 002.8 75 700.5
    Timing of revenue recognition
                                                    127 940.5 124 277.4       77 107.3   74 865.7
      Point in time                                                               895.5      834.8
      Over time                                     2 454.5      2 366.9

    Disaggregated revenue is presented in Note 11.
                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  31

                                                                    GROUP                   COMPANY

        Rmillion                                                    2021       2020         2021       2020

3. NET OPERATING EXPENSES                                               41.7       23.7         14.0         9.9
                                                                        24.2       21.5           9.0        7.8
        Net operating expenses include the following:                   17.5                      5.0        2.1
        Auditors remuneration:                                                       2.2
                                                                          4.6                     4.6        2.7
          Audit fees                                                    17.0         2.7                     2.0
          Other fees                                                    30.4       19.2         15.2         6.1
                                                                    6 589.3        13.1     2 500.2    2 394.8
        Operating lease charges:                                      325.7    6 278.9                   173.5
          Low value lease payments                                      17.1     314.6        184.8        17.4
          Variable lease payments                                     197.7        17.4         17.1     156.1
          Short term lease expense                                    110.9      185.4
                                                                        27.0     111.8        167.7        24.3
        Employee benefits expense:                                  6 236.6        24.3                2 197.0
        Post-employment benefits (refer to note 27)                 1 833.0    5 940.0          26.1
                                                                               1 875.8      2 289.3      360.8
          Post retirement medical aid                                 132.4
          Defined contribution plans                                             100.4        379.7        21.8
          Defined benefit plans                                         21.2
                                                                                   20.2         41.2         1.5
        Share-based payments                                                                               42.8
        Other employee benefits                                      37.3       10.9              1.8      70.4
                                                                     11.8       77.0          155.9
        Depreciation                                                 76.0      100.6                       10.9
                                                                     80.0                       84.3         5.8
        Amortisation                                                           208.7            37.3
                                                                    226.3                       11.8       36.3
4. OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                  4.2    167.7
        Commission income                                                                       46.4
        Dividend received
        Intercompany guarantee fee                                                            341.7
        Insurance proceeds
        Marketing income                                            (6.4)      (255.6)                 (149.7)
        Rental income                                               (6.4)      (255.6)                 (149.7)
        Sundry income
                                                                                (23.1)                    (6.1)
        Total other income                                                      (23.1)

5. OTHER NON-OPERATING ITEMS                                                                           (6.1)

        Remeasurement of financial instruments                      (6.4)      (278.7)      ­          (155.8)

        Fair value adjustment                                        18.2       21.0          13.0       13.6
                                                                     29.2       54.8          14.5       16.3
        Capital items                                                17.9       41.5          17.9       41.5
                                                                    453.8      438.9        431.0      424.9
        Business acquisition costs (refer to note 33)                44.5       57.2          33.7       39.5
        Costs on potential acquisitions
                                                                       9.4        4.8           3.1        4.7
        Total other non-operating items                                                     513.2      540.5
                                                                    573.0      618.2
6. FINANCE INCOME/COSTS                                                                        (4.7)      (6.4)
6.1 Finance income                                                     (4.7)         (6.3)
                                                                    (134.9)      (110.6)     (13.9)     (36.1)
        Bank deposits                                                                       (503.8)    (495.1)
        Loans                                                        (13.9)        (36.1)
        Block discounting loans                                     (669.2)      (665.9)     (77.2)     (86.1)
        Finance lease receivable                                                               (2.2)      (3.1)
        Overdue debtors                                              (83.2)        (91.5)
        Other                                                        (30.8)          (6.0)  (601.8)      10.1
                                                                      21.7                             (616.7)
        Total finance income                                         (20.4)        (21.4)
                                                                                   (84.7)
6.2 Finance costs                                                   (935.4)
                                                                               (1 022.5)
        Security deposits
        Loans
        Block discounting loans
        Finance lease payable
        Bank overdraft
        Other
        Financial liabilities at amortised cost
        Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

        Total finance costs
32  AFS 2021

                                                                         GROUP            COMPANY

            Rmillion                                          2021              2020      2021       2020

    7. TAXATION                                               822.9             876.4     608.8      692.2
                                                              (10.6)            (36.8)     10.9        (1.4)
            Current taxation
            ­ Current year                                      (6.2)           (98.4)    (12.0)     (32.8)
            ­ Prior year (over)/under provision                  1.1              (2.5)     (4.8)      (0.6)
            Deferred taxation
            ­ Current year                                       1.4               1.5       1.4        1.5
            ­ Prior year under/(over) provision
            ­ Change in tax rate
            Foreign withholding income tax

    Taxation expense for the year                             808.6             740.2     604.3      658.9
                                                               28.0              28.0                 28.0
    Reconciliation of effective taxation rate (%)                                          28.0        (0.5)
    South African current income tax rate at 28% (2020: 28%)             (0.7)  (0.7)       (0.4)      (0.1)
    Non taxable income relating to:                                                         (1.4)      (0.8)
    Dividends received                                                   (0.1)   2.7        (0.1)
    Capital reorganisation ­ liquidation dividend                                0.1        (0.9)       1.7
    Employee tax incentives                                               0.1    0.8                    0.1
    Share plans(1)                                                        0.1                0.1        1.2
    Non deductible expenses relating to:                                  0.4    0.4
    Fair value adjustments, foreign exchange and finance                                    (0.1)       0.1
    costs on financial liabilities(2)                                    (0.1)  (0.2)        0.1
    Business acquisition costs                                           (0.3)   0.1        (0.1)      (0.2)
    Impairments                                                           0.1   (1.4)       (0.1)       0.1
    IFRS 9 ECL allowances                                                 3.1    1.3         0.1       (0.1)
    Non-deductible interest costs                                        (0.1)   0.3         0.3
    Share of associate losses                                            (3.7)  (3.9)        0.1
    Accounting profit on disposal of associates                          26.8   27.5
    Other operating costs                                                                 25.6       29.5
    Other items:
    Accounting profit on disposal of assets
    Income tax allowances
    Withholding income tax
    Prior year income tax (over)/under provision
    Capital gains tax
    Unutilised tax losses
    Non-deductible temporary differences
    Foreign tax rate differential

    Effective taxation rate

    (1) Temporary differences between deferred tax asset balance raised for future costs to be incurred and income tax deduction granted
       in current year for costs actually incurred on the ESP and CSP.

    (2) Relating to Ireland, Switzerland and S Buys.

    8. EARNINGS PER SHARE

            Earnings per share is calculated using the weighted average number of ordinary shares (net of treasury shares) in issue
            during the year. In the case of basic earnings per share, the weighted average number of ordinary shares (net of
            treasury shares) in issue during the year was 192 598 768 (2020: 192 331 706). In respect of diluted earnings per
            share, the weighted average number of ordinary shares (net of treasury shares) was 192 998 737 (2020: 192 986 402).

    The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to ordinary shareholders is based on the
    following data:

                                                                                          GROUP

                                                                                          2021       2020

    Earnings                                                                    Rmillion  2 265.5    2 074.7
    Earnings for the purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share
    (profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the company)

    Earnings per share:                                                         cents     1 176.3    1 078.7
    Basic                                                                       cents     1 173.8    1 075.0
    Diluted
                                                                                '000      192 599    192 332
    Number of shares                                                            '000            400        654
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares (net of treasury shares)         '000
    for the purposes of basic earnings per share                                          192 999    192 986
    Effect of diluted potential ordinary shares:
    Share options and contingently issuable ordinary shares

    Weighted average number of ordinary shares (net of treasury shares)
    for the purposes of diluted earnings per share
                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         33

                                                                                            GROUP

        Rmillion                                                                            2021        2020

9. HEADLINE EARNINGS                                                                        2 265.5     2 074.7
                                                                                                49.4
        Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the company                       53.4        49.6
        Adjusted for:                                                                            (4.0)      52.4
        Loss on sale of PPE and intangible assets                                                            (2.8)
                                                                                                  0.1       63.6
        ­ Gross                                                                                   3.8       64.4
        ­ Tax effect                                                                             (5.3)       (0.8)
                                                                                                  3.4        (2.3)
        Impairment of investments                                                                 1.6
                                                                                               (14.6)         4.6
        ­ Gross                                                                             2 303.9
        ­ Tax effect                                                                                        13.3

        Loss/(profit) on disposal of assets held for sale                                                     6.7
        Fair value adjustment to assets held for sale                                                      (26.6)
        Profit on disposal of associates                                                                2 183.6
        Impairment of goodwill
        Impairment of PPE                                                          cents       (23.6)     255.6
        Fair value adjustment ­ previously held investment                         cents          6.4      (25.6)
        Profit on disposal of businesses                                           cents                    23.1
                                                                                   cents    2 286.7
        Headline earnings                                                                               2 436.7
                                                                                            1 196.2
        Adjusted for the following items:                                                   1 193.7     1 135.3
        Fair value adjustment to financial liabilities (refer to note 28)                   1 187.3     1 131.5
        Foreign exchange gains on financial liabilities (refer to note 28)                  1 184.8     1 266.9
        Business acquisition costs                                                                      1 262.6

        Normalised headline earnings

        Headline earnings per share:
        Basic
        Diluted
        Normalised headline earnings per share
        Normalised diluted headline earnings per share

Normalised headline earnings are calculated as an additional performance indicator, to take into account the effect
of business-defined items that have affected headline earnings during the year.

Headline earnings are calculated in accordance with SAICA Circular 1/2021.

                                                                            GROUP           COMPANY

        Rmillion                                                            2021   2020     2021        2020

10. DIVIDENDS PAID                                            1 280.3              993.2    1 280.3     993.2

        2020 final dividend declared 18 November 2020           539.2                384.9    539.2       384.9
        ­ Paid 14 December 2020                                   17.9             1 378.1  1 819.5     1 378.1
        2021 interim dividend per share declared
        25 May 2021                                           1 837.4
        ­ Paid 14 June 2021
        Dividend paid to non-controlling interest

        Total dividends

2020 final dividend declared 18 November 2020          cents                665.0  516.0    665.0       516.0
­ Paid 14 December 2020
2021 interim dividend per share declared               cents                280.0  200.0    280.0       200.0
25 May 2021                                            cents                945.0  716.0    945.0       716.0
­Paid 14 June 2021

Total dividends per share

The final dividend for the year ended 30 September 2021 of 536 cents per share declared on 17 November 2021 and
payable on 13 December 2021 has not been accrued.
34  AFS 2021

    11. SEGMENT REPORTING

            Segment accounting policies are consistent with those adopted for the preparation of the consolidated financial
            statements.

            The principal segments of the group have been identified on a primary basis by geographical segment, which is
            representative of the internal reporting used for management purposes as well as the source and nature of business
            risks and returns. These geographical segments also represent operating segments as they meet the quantitative
            thresholds.

            The chief executive officer is the chief operating decision maker (CODM) and assesses the performance of the operating
            segments based on profit before tax and for joint ventures and associates based on earnings after tax. The CODM is of the
            opinion that the operations of the individual distribution centres within Southern Africa are substantially similar to one
            another and that the risks and returns of these distribution centres are likewise similar. The risks and returns of the Ireland,
            Switzerland and Poland operations are not considered to be similar to those within Southern Africa or each other and are
            therefore disclosed as separate reportable segments.

            As a result, the geographical reportable segments of the group have been identified as Southern Africa, Ireland, Switzerland
            and Poland. All segment revenue and expenses are directly attributable to the segments. Segment assets and liabilities
            include all operating assets and liabilities used by a segment, with the exception of inter segment assets and liabilities, and
            IFRS adjustments made by segments to their management report for the purposes of IFRS compliance. These assets and
            liabilities are all directly attributable to the segments.

            The principal activity of the reporting segments is the wholesale and distribution of goods and services to SPAR grocery
            stores and multiple other branded group retail outlets.

            The group deals with a broad spread of customers, with no single customer exceeding 10% of the group's revenue.

    ANALYSIS PER REPORTABLE SEGMENT:

                                                Southern                                        Consolidated
                                                    Africa
    Rmillion                                                Ireland Switzerland     Poland      total

    2021                                        82 103.8    30 838.9    15 083.9    2 368.4     130 395.0
    Statement of profit or loss                  2 486.2        968.4       415.2    (477.2)       3 392.6
    Revenue from contracts with                  2 371.3        793.2       379.2    (526.6)       3 017.1
    customers                                       515.6         13.3         4.6      39.5          573.0
    Operating profit/(loss)                         623.8       183.8         38.9      88.9          935.4
    Profit/(loss) before tax                        449.3       616.6       789.1     110.4        1 965.4
    Finance income                                  678.3         80.4        57.9       (8.0)        808.6
    Finance costs                                      6.7                                               6.7
    Depreciation and amortisation                      3.4                                               3.4
    Taxation
    Share of equity-accounted associate losses  25 006.5 14 917.5       9 965.0 2 177.8          52 066.8
    Impairment of goodwill                      19 888.4 12 625.1       8 258.3 2 915.9          43 687.7
    Statement of financial position
    Total assets
    Total liabilities

    2020                                        79 423.8    30 409.4    14 659.4    2 151.7     126 644.3
                                                 2 573.6        978.2       361.5    (470.7)       3 442.6
    Statement of profit or loss                  2 299.2        651.7       296.6    (551.1)       2 696.4
    Revenue from contracts with                     547.5         14.5         6.8      49.4          618.2
    customers                                       640.3       218.0         71.7      92.5       1 022.5
    Operating profit/(loss)                         398.9       600.0       758.8     218.5        1 976.2
    Profit/(loss) before tax                        720.7         43.2        47.2     (70.9)         740.2
    Finance income                                    25.7                              37.5           63.2
    Finance costs                                     12.6         0.7                                 13.3
    Depreciation and amortisation
    Taxation                                    24 136.1 16 466.9       9 402.2 2 733.4          52 738.6
    Share of equity-accounted associate losses  18 762.5 14 496.8       8 279.0 3 310.6          44 848.9
    Impairment of goodwill
    Statement of financial position
    Total assets
    Total liabilities
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  35

                                                       GROUP

        Rmillion                                       2021        2020

11. SEGMENT REPORTING continued                        81 261.4    78 605.4

        Disaggregated Revenue as reviewed by the CODM  62 608.1    62 851.2
        Southern Africa                                 7 157.5     6 436.5
        Revenue ­ sale of merchandise                   9 836.3     7 965.0
                                                        1 175.0     1 072.8
          SPAR                                             484.5       279.9
          TOPS at SPAR
          Build it                                         842.4       818.4
          S Buys
          Encore                                       82 103.8    79 423.8
        Revenue ­ other
        Revenue from contracts with customers          30 332.1    29 896.7
                                                       26 065.5    26 057.8
        Ireland
        Revenue ­ sale of merchandise                   4 266.6     3 838.9
                                                           506.8       512.7
          BWG
          Appleby Westward                             30 838.9    30 409.4
        Revenue ­ other
        Revenue from contracts with customers          13 983.2    13 641.9

        Switzerland                                     6 333.6     6 183.3
        Revenue ­ sale of merchandise                   5 035.8     5 363.4
                                                        2 613.8     2 095.2
          Wholesale
          TopCC                                         1 100.7     1 017.5
          Retail
        Revenue ­ other                                15 083.9    14 659.4
        Revenue from contracts with customers
                                                       2 363.8     2 133.4
        Poland                                         2 032.1     1 518.4
        Revenue ­ sale of merchandise
                                                         331.7       615.0
          Wholesale                                          4.6       18.3
          Retail
        Revenue ­ other                                2 368.4     2 151.7
        Revenue from contracts with customers
                                                       127 940.5   124 277.4
        Total Revenue ­ sale of merchandise               2 454.5     2 366.9
        Total Revenue ­ other
        Total Revenue from contracts with customers    130 395.0   126 644.3
36  AFS 2021

            Rmillion                                 Land and       Motor
                                                     buildings   vehicles
    12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                     4 176.0       417.4
             GROUP                                   4 299.9       915.7
                                                                  (498.3)
            Carrying value at 30 September 2019       (123.9)      161.8
              Cost                                     148.3
              Accumulated depreciation                 368.9           8.4
                                                                    (22.8)
            Additions                                     (7.2)
            Additions through business combinations                 (93.9)
            Disposals                                   (23.2)
            Disposal through sale of business           (26.2)         9.1
            Reclassification of leases ­ IFRS 16
            Depreciation                                   2.3     480.0
            Transfers                                  542.4       996.7
            Exchange rate translation                             (516.7)
            Reclassified as assets held for sale          (4.1)
            Category reclassification                              127.6
            Carrying value at 30 September 2020      5 177.2           1.3

               Cost                                  5 508.2        (16.1)
               Accumulated depreciation               (331.0)         (0.3)

            Additions                                    51.9       (98.5)
            Additions through business combinations        0.6
            Disposals                                                 (6.0)
            Disposal through sale of business           (37.4)
            Depreciation                                              (0.2)
            Impairment                                  (24.3)     487.8
            Transfers                                     (0.3)  1 045.8
            Exchange rate translation                     (1.7)   (558.0)
            Measurement period adjustment
            Category reclassification                  (383.8)
            Carrying value at 30 September 2021         (25.0)
                                                        (19.3)
               Cost
               Accumulated depreciation              4 737.9

                                                     5 036.0
                                                       (298.1)
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  37

    Internal         Office            Assets
 transport,   equipment,
 plant and                   Computer  under
equipment          fixtures
              and fittings   equipment construction  Total

1 503.4         873.3        175.7      38.4          7 184.2
2 832.3                      730.2      38.4
(1 328.9)     1 200.1        (554.5)    59.3         10 016.6
               (326.8)                 (15.7)        (2 832.4)
   362.7        185.7          85.1
   154.9          67.5           6.2     (6.5)        1 002.9
    (36.1)       (59.0)         (0.7)                    605.9
                   (8.6)                75.5            (141.5)
      (7.5)        (6.2)      (73.0)    75.5              (16.1)
      (2.3)    (239.5)                 127.4              (31.7)
  (391.1)           4.2        19.1    (13.5)           (823.7)
                159.9                                          ­
   221.3                        (2.5)    (7.3)           951.8
                   (2.8)     209.9     (28.2)              (4.1)
      2.9       974.5                  153.9               (2.4)
1 808.2                      763.8     153.9
              1 932.3        (553.9)                  8 725.3
3 698.2        (957.8)
(1 890.0)                      65.1                  12 974.7
                250.5            0.6                 (4 249.4)
   474.5            4.3         (0.8)
     13.2                       (3.8)                 1 097.0
    (10.5)       (44.4)                                    20.0
    (36.3)         (7.9)      (69.8)
                                                        (122.7)
  (389.7)      (210.2)           0.4                      (48.3)
      (0.7)        (0.6)      (14.4)
      1.5          (0.2)                                (792.5)
                             187.2                         (1.6)
  (149.8)        (98.4)                                        ­
                             752.6
      7.8         39.9       (565.4)                    (659.7)
1 718.2         907.5                                     (25.0)
                                                               ­
3 639.0       1 628.9
(1 920.8)      (721.4)                                8 192.5

                                                     12 256.2
                                                     (4 063.7)
38  AFS 2021

            Rmillion                                  Land and       Motor
                                                      buildings   vehicles
    12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT continued
                                                      1 340.5     365.1
             COMPANY                                  1 427.8     805.1
                                                                  (440.0)
            Carrying value at 30 September 2019          (87.3)   130.1
              Cost                                          8.7
              Accumulated depreciation                                0.7
                                                            2.3      (8.6)
            Additions                                      (0.6)
            Additions through business combinations   1 350.9      (74.7)
            Disposals                                             412.6
            Disposal through sale of businesses       1 438.8     874.9
            Transfers                                    (87.9)   (462.3)
            Depreciation                                          110.2
            Carrying value at 30 September 2020           10.3
                                                                     (5.9)
              Cost                                        82.9       (0.3)
              Accumulated depreciation                   (19.4)
                                                                   (79.2)
            Additions                                       8.0   437.4
            Additions through business combinations        (1.7)  940.0
            Additions through capital reorganisation       (0.9)  (502.6)
            Disposals                                 1 430.1
            Disposal through sale of businesses
            Category reclassification                 1 529.2
            Transfers                                    (99.1)
            Depreciation
            Carrying value at 30 September 2021

              Cost
              Accumulated depreciation

    Carrying value of fixed property encumbered as security for borrowings set out in note 29 is R2 785 million
    (2020: R3 000.1 million).

    Included in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment are land and buildings of R307.0 million
    (2020: R336.2 million) which are leased to external parties.

    During the current year, additions to property leased externally were R2.4 million (2020: nil), depreciation on
    property leased externally was R0.4 million (2020: R0.1 million), and disposals were R6.1 million (2020: nil).
    The effect of foreign currency translation on the closing balance of property leased externally was a
    R25.1 million reduction in the closing balance (2020: a R36.4 million increase in the closing balance).
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  39

    Internal         Office            Assets
 transport,   equipment,
 plant and                   Computer  under
equipment          fixtures
              and fittings   equipment construction  Total

  397.2         54.5           87.3    32.2          2 276.8
  963.5       149.6          240.7     32.2
 (566.3)       (95.1)        (153.4)                 3 618.9
                                         2.2         (1 342.1)
    86.8          8.8          20.0     (5.7)
    27.0          4.8            0.4    (2.3)           256.6
     (1.9)       (0.3)          (0.5)  26.4               32.9
                                       26.4              (17.0)
   (96.1)      (15.7)         (31.0)   10.5                   ­
  413.0         52.1           76.2                           ­
                                       (16.6)
1 053.9       161.0          256.6                     (218.1)
 (640.9)      (108.9)        (180.4)   20.3
                                       20.3          2 331.2
  121.3         44.7           20.3
    13.3          1.4            0.1                 3 811.6
                                                     (1 480.4)
     (1.0)       (1.3)          (0.8)
   (30.3)        (5.0)          (3.8)                   317.3
                  8.6                                     14.8
      1.5        (0.2)           0.4
   (98.7)      (19.4)         (24.7)                      82.9
  419.1         80.9           67.7                      (28.4)
                                                         (39.4)
1 104.5       200.5          255.5
 (685.4)      (119.6)        (187.8)                          ­
                                                              ­
                                                       (222.9)

                                                     2 455.5

                                                     4 050.0
                                                     (1 594.5)
40  AFS 2021

                                                                      GROUP                 COMPANY

            Rmillion                                                  2021       2020       2021     2020

    13. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS                                4 175.5    2 931.6    677.0    613.5
                                                                          (3.4)     (13.3)    (0.9)    (1.4)
           13.1 Goodwill
                                                                         (81.9)      13.4   (81.4)    64.9
                     Carrying value at beginning of year                           806.8
                     Impairment                                         286.9                29.5
                     Goodwill derecognised on disposal of business        32.4      (22.1)
                     Reclassified from assets held for sale                        459.1    624.2    677.0
                     Business combinations (refer to note 33)          (344.2)   4 175.5
                     Measurement period adjustment                    4 065.3               649.7    701.6
                     Release of intercompany balances on acquisition                        (25.5)   (24.6)
                     Exchange rate translation                        4 123.5    4 230.3
                                                                         (58.2)     (54.8)  624.2    677.0
                     Carrying value at end of year
                                                                        691.7      747.0    624.2    677.0
                     Analysed as follows:                             2 508.5    2 697.7

                       Cost                                             189.9      217.4
                       Accumulated impairment                           550.8      389.0

                     CGUs with significant goodwill                       60.9       60.9
                     SPAR distribution centres                            63.5       63.5
                     TIL JV Limited (BWG and Gilletts)
                     New Polish Investments Sp. z o.o                 4 065.3    4 175.5
                     SPAR Holding AG
                     SPAR Encore Limited                              2 319.7    1 794.0    ­        ­
                     S Buys Holdings (Pty) Ltd                                     176.7
                                                                       (259.4)     349.0
                     Carrying value at end of year                    2 060.3
                                                                                 2 319.7
           13.2 Indefinite useful life intangible assets
                                                                      1 905.4    2 142.3
                     Carrying value at beginning of year                154.9      177.4
                     Additions
                     Exchange rate translation

                     Carrying value at end of year

                     Analysed as follows:

                        Brands
                        Licenses
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                             41

13. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS continued
      13.3 Impairment testing

                 Goodwill is allocated to the group's CGUs. These CGUs are determined as the group of assets acquired as part
                 of a business combination to which the goodwill can be allocated, and which generates largely independent
                 cash flows and will benefit from synergies of the combination. Retail stores acquired in South Africa are
                 disclosed as a group of CGUs in combination with the associated distribution centre. The recoverable amount
                 of a CGU is determined based on the value-in-use calculations.

                 The goodwill raised on the acquisition of Piotr i Pawel (PiP) has been reconsidered for impairment. No impairment
                 loss has been recognised as the projected sales growth from the Polish business factors in the increase in
                 loyalty support from the SPAR retailers.

                 Indefinite useful life intangible assets represent acquired brands and licences. The acquired brands are
                 established trademarks in the retail environment in Ireland and the UK. History indicates that competitor
                 movements had no significant impact on the sales generated by these brands. On this basis, in addition to
                 future prospects, management considered that the brands have indefinite useful lives. The licence recognised
                 is the licence to operate the SPAR brand in Poland.

                 The licence was awarded with no set termination date and the intention for the group to operate under this
                 licence indefinitely. SPAR International has a long history of licence holders operating licences successfully in
                 various territories for a long period of time.

                 Included in the cost of acquiring the licence asset are directly attributable costs incurred to obtain control and
                 bring the asset into a condition necessary for operating in the manner intended by management.

                 The carrying values of brands relating to the BWG CGU amounts to R1 898.2 million (2020: R2 135.0 million). The
                 carrying value of licenses allocated to the New Polish Investments CGU is R154.9 million (2020: R177.4 million).

                 The value-in-use discounted cash flow model was applied in assessing the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite
                 intangible assets. Cash flows were projected over the next five-year period based on financial budgets or forecasts
                 approved by management.

                                                                                 GROUP

The following rates were applied in determining the value-in-use:                2021                     2020
                                                                                    %                        %

Southern African entities (SPAR distribution centres*, S Buys and SPAR Encore):         13.1                     13.2
Discount rate                                                                    4.0 ­ 14.2               4.0 ­ 11.0
Sales growth rate
Terminal value growth rate                                                                5.0                      3.0

Irish and UK entities (BWG and Gilletts):                                        7.5                      8.4
Discount rate
Sales growth rate                                                                1.0                      1.1
Terminal value growth rate
                                                                                 1.0 ­ 2.0                1.0

Swiss entity (SPAR Holding AG):                                                         4.1                     5.5
Discount rate                                                                    1.4 ­ 2.9                (5.9) ­ 1.4
Sales growth rate
Terminal value growth rate                                                              0.9                     0.8

Polish entity (New Polish Investments):                                                     9.8                      8.7
Discount rate                                                                    10.6 ­ 33.2              21.8 ­ 66.4
Sales growth rate
Terminal value growth rate                                                                  2.2                      2.2

* These assumptions also relate to the goodwill included in the company statement of financial position.

Discount rates applied are consistent with external sources, and sales and terminal value growth rates reflect
past experience.

SPAR distribution centres, which constitute 84.8% of the Southern African entities' goodwill, applied a sales
growth rate of 5.0%.

Despite Switzerland largely returning to normal, with borders re-opening, that business has been very successful
retaining much of the "new business" gained in the prior year. This has also impacted the expected sales growth
rate for 2022, after which a conservative sales growth rate has been applied.

Poland struggled under the pandemic restrictions for most of the current year with travel being difficult resulting
in limited ability to engage directly with the retailers, causing a substantial underperformance against the
budgeted turnover.
42  AFS 2021

    13. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS continued
          13.4 Definite useful life intangible assets

                                                           GROUP                                    COMPANY

              Rmillion                                              Assets  Total                           Assets  Total
                                               Computer under con-                    Computer under con-           190.6
                                                software struction                     Software struction           315.2
                                                                                                                    (124.6)
              Carrying value at                263.7        74.7            338.4     115.9          74.7           141.4
              30 September 2019                759.4        74.7            834.1     240.5          74.7
                                               (495.7)     121.5            (495.7)   (124.6)                        (21.8)
                Cost                                                        214.8                   121.5
                Accumulated amortisation         93.3      (75.7)                       20.0                        310.3
                                                                                4.1
              Additions                            4.1                      (100.4)         (21.8)  (75.7)
              Acquired through business        (100.4)                                      75.7
              combinations                                                      3.0
              Amortisation                       75.7                         28.3
              Transfers                            3.0
              Reclassifications                            120.5            488.2     189.8         120.5
              Exchange rate translation          28.3

              Carrying value at                367.7
              30 September 2020

                Cost                           1 058.6     120.5            1 179.1   336.2         120.5           456.7
                Accumulated amortisation        (690.9)    289.5             (690.9)  (146.4)       285.4           (146.4)

              Additions                            86.7                       376.2       8.8                       294.2
              Acquired through business
              combinations (refer to note 33)        1.4   (0.9)                1.4          (2.2)                   (2.2)
              Disposals                             (2.4)                      (3.3)        (41.2)                  (41.2)
              Amortisation                      (132.4)    (2.6)            (132.4)
              Transfers                              2.6   3.7                                2.6   (2.6)
              Reclassifications                     (3.7)  (0.6)             (18.6)
              Exchange rate translation           (18.0)
                                                           409.6            711.5     157.8         403.3           561.1
              Carrying value at                  301.9
              30 September 2021

              Cost                             1 057.5     409.6            1 467.1   342.8         403.3           746.1
              Accumulated amortisation          (755.6)                      (755.6)  (185.0)                       (185.0)

                                                                            GROUP                   COMPANY

              Rmillion                                                      2021      2020          2021            2020

              Total goodwill and intangible assets                6 837.1             6 983.4       1 185.3           987.3
              Analysed as follows:
                                                                  7 650.9             7 729.1       1 395.8         1 158.3
                Cost                                               (813.8)             (745.7)       (210.5)         (171.0)
                Accumulated amortisation and impairment
                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        43

                                                                                                       COMPANY

        Rmillion                                                                                       2021        2020

14. INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES                                                                         1 727.2     1 561.2
                                                                                                         327.3       166.0
        Carrying value at beginning of year                                                                 (2.3)
        Investments in subsidiaries                                                                                1 727.2
        Capital reorganisations                                                                        2 052.2

        Carrying value at end of year

On 29 September 2021, SPAR P.E. Property (Pty) Ltd disposed of all its business, namely the Eastern Cape distribution centre and
fittings, fixtures and equipment, to the company in terms of a capital reorganisation transaction. After the sale agreement was
implemented, SPAR P.E Property (Pty) Ltd distributed its remaining assets to its sole shareholder, the company, as a liquidation
dividend in anticipation of its deregistration which will take place in the next financial period.

                                                             Issued share capital  Voting rights       Cost of investment

                                               Principal     2021    2020          2021  2020          2021        2020
                                                place of                              %     %
Name of subsidiary                             business      Rmillion Rmillion                         Rmillion Rmillion

SAH Ltd(4) (registered in the Isle of Man)     Switzerland   685.4   685.4         100            100  685.4       685.4
                                                                0.1     0.1                            798.6       798.6
TIL JV Ltd(4) (registered in the Isle of Man)  Ireland                             100            80

SPAR South Africa (Pty) Ltd(2)                 South Africa                        100            100

SPAR Namibia (Pty) Ltd(1)

(registered in Namibia)**                      Namibia                             100            100

The SPAR Group (Botswana)

(Pty) Ltd(1) (registered in ** Botswana)       Botswana                            100            100

SPAR Mozambique

Limitada(1) (registered in ** Mozambique)      Mozambique                          100            100

Sun Village Supermarket (Pty) Ltd(1) South Africa                                  90             90

SPAR P.E. Property (Pty) Ltd(3) South Africa                         11.5          100            100              2.3

SaveMor Products (Pty) Ltd(2)                  South Africa                        100            100

SPAR Academy of Learning (Pty) Ltd(2) South Africa                                 100            100

SPAR Retail Stores (Pty) Ltd(1)                South Africa                        100            100

Kaplian Trading (Pty) Ltd(1)                   South Africa                        100            100

SPAR Mopani Rural Hub (Pty) Ltd(1) South Africa                                    100            100

Annison 45 (Pty) Ltd(1)                        South Africa                        60             60

SPAR Lowveld Rural Hub (Pty) Ltd(1) South Africa                                   100            100

Clusten 45 (Pty) Ltd(2)                        South Africa                        100            100

SPAR Financial Services (Pty) Ltd(2) South Africa                                  100            100

Knowles Shopping Centre

Investments (Pty) Ltd(3)                       South Africa                        100            100

S Buys Holdings (Pty) Ltd(4)                   South Africa  79.8    79.8          60             60   74.9        74.9

SPAR Trading (Pty) Ltd(Registered in

eSwatini)                                      eSwatini                            100            100

New Polish Investments Sp.

z o.o. (Registered in Poland)(4)               Poland                              100            80   326.5
                                                                                                       166.8
SPAR Encore Ltd(4)                             South Africa                        50             50               166.0

Consolidated entities****

The SPAR Guild of                              South Africa
Southern Africa(1)***

The Build it Guild of                          South Africa
Southern Africa(1)***

The SPAR Group Ltd Employee                    South Africa
Share Trust (2004)(1)*

The SPAR BBBEE Employee Trust(1)* South Africa

The SPAR BBBEE Retailer                        South Africa
Employee Trust(1)*

Total                                                                                                  2 052.2 1 727.2

The issued share capital nil value items relate to share capital below R100 000 and therefore have not been presented.
* The SPAR Group Ltd Employee Share Trust (2004), the SPAR BBBEE Employee Trust, and the SPAR BBBEE Retailer Employee Trust have

       28 February as their year-end. All other companies have a 30 September year-end.
** All legal entities are incorporated in the Republic of South Africa unless otherwise indicated.
*** Non-profit companies over which the company exercises control.
**** These entities are consolidated as the group has effective control over these entities due to the group's control over the board.
(1) Operating company or entity.
(2) Dormant.
(3) Property-owning company.
(4) Holding company.
44  AFS 2021

                                                                               GROUP              COMPANY

            Rmillion                                                           2021     2020      2021     2020

    15. INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES                                               102.9    103.1     105.9    131.5
          AND JOINT VENTURES                                                     (6.7)  (63.2)     25.2
                                                                                43.9    147.8               82.1
            Carrying value at beginning of year                                         (26.2)    (31.7)     (9.8)
            Share of losses for the year                                       (37.9)
            Investment in associates and joint ventures                          (7.6)    (6.7)            (97.9)
            Reclassification to subsidiary                                      94.6    (64.4)
            Fair value adjustment                                                                 99.4     105.9
            Impairment of investment                                                     12.5
            Disposal of associates
            Foreign currency translation                                                102.9

            Carrying value at end of year

    Summarised financial statements of the group's share of associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                  GROUP

    Rmillion                                                                                      2021     2020

    Statement of profit or loss                                                                   563.5    787.5
    Revenue                                                                                         (6.7)  (63.2)
    Losses for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders

    Statement of financial position                                                               176.4    315.0
    Total assets                                                                                  (116.6)  (260.3)
    Total liabilities
                                                                                                    59.8     54.7
    Net assets

    The associates have share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares, which are held directly by the group. These are
    private companies and no quoted market prices are available for their shares.

    Details of the group's shareholding and carrying values

                                                            Shareholding in    GROUP              COMPANY
                                                         associates and joint

                                                                 ventures

                                  Nature of              2021  2020            2021     2020      2021     2020
                                relationship                %     %
                                                                               Rmillion Rmillion  Rmillion Rmillion

    SPAR Harare (Pvt) Ltd       (associate)              35.0  35.0

    Gezaro Retailers (Pty) Ltd (associate)                     40.0                     4.4                 5.5
                                                                                                           72.9
    SPAR SL (Pvt) Ltd           (joint venture)          50.0  50.0            39.4     27.2      98.1     11.1
                                                                                                   1.3     15.1
    Tradefirm 15 (Pty) Ltd      (associate)                    48.3                     15.4
                                                                                                            1.3
    Dendostax (Pty) Ltd         (associate)                    48.3                     15.5

    JB Retail 2401 (Pty) Ltd ­

    Richdens                    (associate)              40.0  40.0            1.8      0.8

    Fresh Opportunities Ltd     (associate)              40.0  40.0            53.4     39.6

    Pior I Pawel Plus Sp.z o.o. (associate)              48.0  48.0

                                                                               94.6     102.9     99.4     105.9

    Highlights during the current financial period
    · The group disposed of its shareholding in Gezaro Retailers (Pty) Ltd, Tradefirm 15 (Pty) Ltd and Dendostax (Pty) Ltd.
                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                     45

                                                              GROUP                COMPANY

        Rmillion                                              2021      2020       2021     2020

16. OTHER INVESTMENTS                                         21.8      19.8       12.9     7.4
                                                               0.3       5.5
        Carrying value at beginning of year                    3.1      (5.5)      0.3      5.5
        Additional investments during the year                (9.9)
        Fair value adjustments                                (0.8)      2.0       0.2
        Disposals                                                       21.8
        Foreign exchange differences                          14.5                 13.4     12.9
                                                                                    2.5      2.0
        Carrying value at end of year                         2.5       2.0

        Analysed as follows:                                            7.7
        Group Risk Holdings (Pty) Ltd (GRH)
        Adtrac Ltd                                            0.4       0.5
        Vitertia Ltd
        Schnellimmo Ltd                                       0.7       0.7
        Buying International Group SPAR (B.V. BIGS)
        SA SME Fund Ltd                                       0.9       0.9           0.9      0.9
                                                                                    10.0     10.0
17. BLOCK DISCOUNTING LOANS                                   10.0      10.0
                                                                                    87.9      199
        Block discounting loan receivable                      87.9       199      114.4    163.6
        Current portion of block discounting loan receivable  114.4     163.6      202.3    362.6

        Total block discounting loan receivable               202.3     362.6

Block discounting loan payable                                 89.8     203.5       89.8    203.5
Current portion of block discounting loan payable             117.4     167.8      117.4    167.8

Total block discounting loan payable                          207.2     371.3      207.2    371.3

SPAR gives out loans at the prime interest rate to retailers which are immediately sold at prime less 1% to an approved
financial institution under a block discounting agreement with recourse. The financial institution fulfils all administrative
activities relating to the repayment of these loans, and will only revert to SPAR in the unusual instance of default on the
part of the retailer.

As these loans have been discounted to the financial institution with full recourse, resulting in SPAR still being exposed to
the credit risk on this transaction. It has been concluded that these loan receivables do not meet the derecognition criteria
for financial assets in terms of IFRS 9. This has resulted in the recognition of a financial asset held at amortised cost which
represents the amount owing by the retailer, and a financial liability held at amortised cost which represents the amount
owing to the financial institution.

Retailer loans are secured by notarial bonds over assets, deeds of suretyship, cession and pledge of shares and in
some instances, lease options. The recoverability of amounts owed by retailers is regularly reviewed and assessed on
an individual basis. This is estimated considering past experience and additional risk factors such as significant actual
or expected changes in the operating results or business conditions of the retailer. To the extent that a loan is considered
irrecoverable, the debt is written off. Refer to note 39 for the credit risk assessment of these receivable balances.

                                                              GROUP                COMPANY

        Rmillion                                              2021      2020       2021     2020

18. LOANS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES                                 997.6   1 103.0    500.4    511.8
                                                                106.5       97.2
        Retailer loans advanced by SPAR                                     21.3   245.3    294.4
        Retailer loans advanced by the Guild                      10.7               13.3     15.3
        Loans to group companies                                              0.4               0.4
        Advance to The Share Trust                            1 114.8              759.0
        Loan to GRH                                            (199.5)  1 221.9    (109.7)  821.9
                                                               (215.0)   (204.4)            (118.7)
        Total                                                   700.3    (222.5)    (76.8)
        Less: Current portion of retailer loans                                    572.5     (72.3)
        Less: Loss allowance                                              795.0
                                                                                            630.9
        Non-current loans
46  AFS 2021

    18. LOANS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES continued

          Retailer loans advanced by SPAR

            Retailer loans are both secured and unsecured, bear interest at variable floating rates and have set repayment terms.

            The recoverability of amounts owed by retailers is regularly reviewed and assessed on an individual basis (refer to note 39).

          Retailer loans advanced by Guild

            The retailers contribute to a development member fund, which is utilised to issue out loans to retailers for store revamps.
            As at 30 September 2021 members' cumulative contributions are in excess of the loans advanced through to members.
            These loans are unsecured, bear no interest and have set repayment terms.

          Advance to The Share Trust

            The advance to The SPAR Group Ltd Employee Share Trust (2004) is unsecured, bears no interest and has no set
            repayment terms. The company advanced money to the trust to enable it to finance the repurchase of the company's
            shares (refer to note 26). This advance constitutes a loan and a contribution. The loan portion is recoverable from the
            trust upon exercise of share options to the extent of the sum of option strike prices of options exercised. The contribution
            portion will be the difference between the cost price of treasury shares and the option strike prices of the equivalent
            number of treasury shares utilised to satisfy option holders who exercise their option rights.

                                                   GROUP               COMPANY

            Rmillion                               2021      2020      2021      2020

    19. DEFERRED TAXATION                          (238.9)   (225.3)   (237.6)   (223.8)
                                                   409.6     400.3     310.3     293.5
            Asset
            Property, plant and equipment (PPE)      57.6      47.8      52.6      44.4
            Provisions, claims and prepayments     228.3     222.8     125.3     114.1
            Leases and ROU assets
                                                   222.8       75.4    114.1       58.8
            Carrying value at end of year                      33.2                29.7
                                                      (3.0)     (2.1)     (3.0)     (2.1)
            Reconciliation:                                    10.0
            Carrying value at beginning of year       (5.1)               (5.1)    33.4
            Adoption of IFRS 16                      21.3    105.8       16.8
            Employee share plan equity              (10.2)       6.2                (5.7)
            Business combinations                               (5.7)      2.5   114.1
            Capital reorganisation                     2.5             125.3
            Profit or loss effect                  228.3     222.8
            Exchange rate translation- P/L impact                      ­         ­
            Other comprehensive income effect      (437.4)   (470.9)
                                                     88.7    157.0           ­         ­
            Carrying value at end of year           (65.7)    (67.9)   125.3     114.1
                                                             104.2
            Liability                              102.3     (277.6)
            PPE and intangible assets              (312.1)
            Defined benefit obligations                      (297.3)
            Provisions, claims and prepayments     (277.6)
            Leases and ROU assets                    21.7      91.3
                                                       5.1      (5.0)
            Carrying value at end of year                     (41.3)
                                                    (16.2)    (25.3)
            Reconciliation:                          31.4    (277.6)
            Carrying value at beginning of year     (76.5)    (54.8)
            Business combinations                  (312.1)
            Capital reorganisation                  (83.8)
            Adoption of IFRS 16
            Profit or loss effect
            Exchange rate translation- P/L impact
            Other comprehensive income effect

            Carrying value at end of year

            Total net (liability)/asset

    The group has concluded that the deferred tax assets will be recoverable using the estimated future taxable income
    based on the approved business plans and budgets for the subsidiaries.

    As at 30 September 2021, the Polish business has unused tax losses available for offset against future profits of
    R317.7 million. A deferred tax asset of R173.6 million has been recognised in respect of such losses based on a
    conservative estimate of future taxable income derived from approved business forecasts, with remaining tax losses
    of R144.1 million not provided for.
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS              47

                                                                   GROUP                             COMPANY

        Rmillion                                                   2021        2020                  2021       2020

20. INVENTORIES                                                    5 427.6     5 504.0               2 262.4    2 254.1
                                                                    (124.2)     (126.7)                 (33.2)     (32.4)
        Merchandise
        Less: Provision for obsolescence                           5 303.4     5 377.3               2 229.2    2 221.7
        Carrying value of inventories
                                                                     144.6       102.0                     9.6       (0.4)
        Write-down of inventories recognised within cost of sales

                                                                   GROUP                             COMPANY

        Rmillion                                                   2021        2020                  2021       2020

21. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES                                    14 300.7    14 345.8     9 180.2             8 760.5
                                                                      (854.4)     (909.7)     (401.5)            (309.5)
        Trade debtors
        Less: Loss allowance                                       13 446.3    13 436.1     8 778.7             8 451.0
        Net trade debtors                                           1 881.6     2 201.8     1 224.9             1 298.1
        Other receivables
                                                                   15 327.9    15 637.9    10 003.6             9 749.1
        Total trade and other receivables

The other receivables balance includes various                     (909.7)     (664.5)               (309.5)    (238.9)
operational debtors such as refundable deposits, income            (198.6)     (280.7)               (145.8)     (85.0)
accruals, insurance claims receivable, staff debtors and           152.6       154.6                              14.4
loans made by the Guild to SPAR retail members.                    101.3       (119.1)                 53.8
                                                                                                                (309.5)
Reconciliation of loss allowance:                                  (854.4)     (909.7)               (401.5)      98.1
Carrying value at beginning of year                                                                  171.8
Loss allowance raised during the year                              215.4       199.5
Loss allowance reversed during the year
Exchange rate translation

Carrying value at end of year

Irrecoverable debts written off net of recoveries

Trade receivables

The group provides trade credit facilities to its independent retailers. The recoverability of amounts owing by retail
members to the group is regularly reviewed and assessed on an individual basis. The loss allowance represents
management's estimate of the extent to which trade receivables at the reporting date will not be subsequently
recovered. This estimate takes into consideration past trends and makes an assessment of additional and forward
looking risk factors to determine the expected credit loss. Further information regarding risk assessment for these
receivables has been detailed in note 39. To the extent considered irrecoverable, debts are written off. It is a prerequisite
for appropriate security to be obtained from retailers to reduce the level of credit exposure.

SPAR                                                               15/25 days from weekly statement
                                                                   25/31 days from weekly statement
Ex-warehouse supply
Ex-direct supplier delivery

Build it                                                           38/48 days from weekly statement

Ex-direct supplier delivery

The directors consider the carrying value of trade and other receivables to approximate their fair values.

                                                                   GROUP                             COMPANY

        Rmillion                                                   2021        2020                  2021       2020

22. TAXATION PAID                                                  157.5       142.2                 72.1       61.0
                                                                      9.4        19.5
        Payable at beginning of year                                 (9.7)       14.3                621.1      692.3
        Business combinations (refer to note 33)                                                      18.1      (72.1)
        Exchange rate translation                                  813.7       841.1
        Charge to profit or loss (refer to note 7)                 (46.6)      (157.5)               711.3      681.2
        Net payable at end of year
                                                                   924.3       859.6
        Total taxation paid
48  AFS 2021

    23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/OVERDRAFTS

            For the purpose of the statement of cash flow, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and in banks, net of
            outstanding bank overdrafts. The group separately discloses the bank balances of SPAR, Guild and trust bank balances.
            Guild balances comprise retailer funds and other cash deposits attributable to The SPAR Guild of Southern Africa, and
            the Build it Guild of Southern Africa. Deposits received by the SPAR Guild of Southern Africa from the SPAR retail
            members are included in other payables. Trust balances comprise cash on hand at year-end held by the BBBEE trusts
            pending payment to beneficiaries. The liability to the beneficiaries is included in trade and other payables.

            Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year as shown in the statement of cash flow can be reconciled
            to the related items in the statement of financial position as follows:

                                                                  GROUP                         COMPANY

    Rmillion                                                      2021          2020            2021       2020

    Bank balances ­ Guilds and Share trusts                          242.0         224.2             59.8    16.5
    Bank balances ­ BBBEE trusts                                       31.9          38.6       (1 849.6)  (918.3)

    Bank balances ­ Guilds and trusts                                273.9         262.8        (1 789.8)  (901.8)
    Bank balances ­ SPAR                                          1 370.7       1 670.7
    Bank overdrafts ­ SPAR                                        (2 415.5)     (1 210.4)

    Net cash and cash (overdrafts)/equivalents                      (770.9)        723.1

    24. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASES

    Lease arrangements by segment

    SPAR Southern Africa leases mostly relate to head lease arrangements on key strategic retail sites that are viewed as
    fundamental to the group's growth strategy. These include a back-to-back sublease agreement with our independent retailers.
    IFRS 16 requires the recognition of the obligation to pay rent under the head lease as a lease liability, with a corresponding
    asset representing the lease receivable. For these back-to-back sublease agreements, the accounting for the head lease
    and the sublease under IFRS 16 has an equal and opposite impact on the statement of comprehensive income. To the
    extent of leased property that is not sublet, the group recognises a right-of-use asset and a finance lease liability.

    SPAR Ireland leases mostly relate to property leases which are franchised to retailers or operated by the group.
    There are also motor vehicles leases. For both the property leases and motor vehicle leases, a right-of-use asset and
    finance lease liability are recognised. For the property leases where the group is a lessor, a finance lease asset is
    recognised instead of the right-of-use asset.

    SPAR Switzerland has property, trucks and information technology (IT) hardware leases. The property leases do not
    include back-to-back sublease agreements resulting in a right-of-use asset and finance lease liability being recognised.

    Right-of-use assets

    The following amounts are relating to leases where the group is a lessee:

    Rmillion                                 Land and      Motor      Internal         Office              Total
                                             buildings  vehicles   transport,   equipment,
                                                                   plant and
                                                                  equipment          fixtures Computer
                                                                                and fittings equipment

    GROUP

    Carrying value at 1 October 2019          4 970.4   175.5     34.7                     5.1  5.3 5 191.0
                                             11 165.7   175.5     34.7
      Cost                                                                                 5.1  5.3 11 386.3
      Accumulated depreciation               (6 195.3)   24.3     25.0
      and impairment                                       3.9      0.4                                    (6 195.3)

    Additions                                  660.6    (71.7)    (12.1)                   1.8  6.5        718.2
                                             1 271.1     30.8       6.6
    Additions through business combinations             162.8                              0.5             1 275.9
    Disposals                                   (62.7)  237.5     54.6
    Transfer to finance lease                           (74.7)    65.3                                     (62.7)
    receivable on business combination        (424.6)             (10.7)
    Depreciation                              (964.1)                                                      (424.6)
    Exchange rate translation                  920.6
                                             6 371.3                                  (2.2)     (2.0) (1 052.1)
    Carrying value at 30 September 2020
                                                                                           0.9  1.3        960.2

                                                                                           6.1  11.1 6 605.9

    Cost                                     14 605.8                                      8.5  13.3 14 930.4
    Accumulated depreciation                 (8 234.5)
                                                                                      (2.4)     (2.2) (8 324.5)
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                    49

24. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASES continued

Right-of-use assets continued

Rmillion                                 Land and      Motor      Internal            Office            Total
                                         buildings  vehicles   transport,      equipment,
                                                               plant and
                                                              equipment             fixtures Computer
                                                                               and fittings equipment

 GROUP                                     851.6    107.0              15.6              3.8   14.0        992.0
                                         1 364.7                                                0.9     1 365.6
Additions                                             (0.8)             (1.3)           (3.1)
Additions through business combinations     (44.1)     0.8             (14.9)           (0.8)  (4.4)        (44.9)
Disposals                                 (100.4)   (75.0)                               6.0   (1.6)      (100.9)
Transfer to finance lease receivable      (943.0)   (18.4)              (4.5)           10.7            (1 040.4)
Depreciation                              (616.5)                      49.5             (4.7)             (641.8)
Exchange rate translation                           176.4
                                         6 883.6                       71.5                    20.0 7 135.5
Carrying value at 30 September 2021                                    (22.0)

Cost                                     14 794.9 290.9                                        26.5 15 194.5
Accumulated depreciation                 (7 911.3) (114.5)                                     (6.5) (8 059.0)

Rmillion                                                                                                Land and
                                                                                                        buildings
 COMPANY
Carrying value at 1 October 2019                                                                             685.5
                                                                                                             685.5
  Cost
  Accumulated depreciation                                                                                         ­
Additions                                                                                                    211.8
Depreciation                                                                                                (142.7)
Carrying value at 30 September 2020                                                                          754.6

  Cost                                                                                                       897.3
  Accumulated depreciation                                                                                  (142.7)

Additions                                                                                                      54.7
Depreciation                                                                                                (156.8)
Carrying value at 30 September 2021                                                                          652.5

Cost                                                                                                         952.0
Accumulated depreciation                                                                                    (299.5)

Finance lease receivable

The statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to property leases where the group is a
lessee and lessor in back-to-back head and sublease arrangements:

                                                              GROUP                            COMPANY

Rmillion                                                         2021             2020            2021     2020

Current                                                         776.2            716.8           698.0    612.9
Non-Current                                                   5 120.7          4 713.4         4 583.7  4 144.9
Total                                                         5 896.9          5 430.2         5 281.7  4 757.8
50  AFS 2021

    24. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASES continued                                                                          COMPANY
          Finance lease receivable continued

            Minimum lease receivable on an undiscounted basis are as follows:
                                                                                                        GROUP

    Rmillion                                                   2021                                            2020       2021       2020

    Within 1 year                                              1 210.2                                         1 116.7    1 111.7    1 006.3
    Between 1 and 2 years                                      1 202.9                                         1 078.6    1 097.1      967.4
    Between 2 and 3 years                                      1 133.7                                         1 053.1    1 040.5      937.8
    Between 3 and 4 years                                                                                                              866.8
    5 years and later                                            994.1                                           973.1      914.7
                                                               3 152.1                                         2 932.7    2 817.5    2 606.1

                                                               7 693.0                                         7 154.2    6 981.5    6 384.4

    Finance lease payable

    The following amounts relate to both leases where the group is a lessee, and where the group is a lessee and lessor
    in back-to-back head and sub-lease arrangements:

                                                               GROUP                                                      COMPANY

    Rmillion                                                        2021       2020                                          2021       2020

    Current                                                     1 824.5    1 728.4                                          829.7      721.3
    Non-Current                                                12 051.9   11 200.4                                        5 250.9    4 900.0
    Total                                                      13 876.4   12 928.8                                        6 080.6    5 621.3

    The total cash outflow for leases in 2021 was as follows:

                                                               GROUP                                                      COMPANY

    Rmillion                                                      2021                                            2020       2021       2020

    Principal element of lease payments                        1 739.3                                         1 547.6      760.5      670.0
    Interest                                                     669.2                                           665.9      503.9      495.1
    Short term lease payments                                      30.4                                            13.1
    Low value lease payments                                         4.6                                             2.7      15.2         6.1
    Variable lease payments                                        17.0                                            19.2         4.6        2.7
                                                                                                                                  ­        2.0
    Total                                                      2 460.5                                         2 248.5
                                                                                                                          1 284.2    1 175.9

                                                               GROUP                                                      COMPANY

    Rmillion                                                   2021                                            2020       2021       2020

    25. STATED CAPITAL

    25.1 Authorised                                            2 231.5                                         2 231.5    2 231.5    2 231.5
                                                                                                                          2 231.5    2 231.5
            250 000 000 (2020: 250 000 000) ordinary shares
            Issued and fully paid
            192 602 355 (2020: 192 602 355) ordinary shares

                                                               2 231.5                                         2 231.5

              Number of shares                                 192 602 355 192 602 355                                    192 602 355 192 602 355
              Ordinary shares                                                                                             192 602 355 192 602 355
              Outstanding at beginning of year

              Outstanding at end of year                       192 602 355 192 602 355

            All authorised and issued shares of the same class rank pari passu in every respect. The unissued shares of the
            company are under the control of the directors to the extent that such shares may be required to satisfy option
            holders' requirements. This authority will expire at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

            There are no conversion or exchange rights in respect of the ordinary shares and a variation of share rights requires approval
            by a special resolution from the shareholders at a general meeting in accordance with the Memorandum of Incorporation.

    25.2 Shares subject to option

            Details of share options granted in terms of the company's share option scheme are as follows:

                                                                                                                          Number of shares
                                                                                                                             under option

              Option strike price per share                    Option exercisable until                                   2021       2020

              R95.11                                           16 November 2020                                            43 000        16 000
              R99.91                                            8 December 2020                                           241 200        25 000
              R96.46                                            8 November 2021                                           312 300      282 200
              R122.81                                          13 November 2022                                                        307 900
              R126.43                                          12 November 2023                                            50 000      353 300
              R124.22                                                                                                                    50 000
                                                                  7 February 2024                                         646 500
                                                                                                                                     1 034 400

              No further awards will be made under the share option plan which effectively closed to additional participants
              in 2014. Existing participants have 10 years from the date of issue to exercise their option rights.
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                      51

26. TREASURY SHARES

        During the year The Share Trust purchased 400 000 (2020: 431 970) shares in the company at an average purchase price
        per share of R195.48 (2020: R192.59). The trust purchased and holds these shares for the purpose of satisfying option
        holder requirements as and when option holders exercise their share option rights.

During the year The SPAR Group Ltd purchased 283 534 shares (2020: 112 160) at an average purchase price per share
of R198.48 (2020: R179.55) amounting to R56.3 million (2020: R20.1 million).

                                                                                                         GROUP

Rmillion                                                                                                 2021              2020

Cost of shares                                                                                            15.3              23.9
Carrying value at beginning of year                                                                      134.4             103.3
Treasury shares acquired                                                                                 (44.1)            (20.1)
Settlement of share-based payments ­ Continuation participants                                           (12.1)
Settlement of share-based payments ­ Retired participants                                                (80.2)            (91.8)
Shares sold to option holders on exercise of share option rights

Carrying value at end of year                                                                            13.3              15.3

                                                                                                   Number of shares held

                                                                                                         2021              2020

Shares held in trust                                                                                       93 089    125 519
Balance at beginning of year                                                                             400 000     431 970
Treasury shares acquired                                                                                 (426 100)   (464 400)
Shares sold to option holders on exercise of share option rights
                                                                                                           66 989      93 089
Balance at end of year

                                                      The BWG Group             The SPAR Handels AG                 Total
                                                      retirement funds             retirement funds

        Rmillion                                      2021         2020         2021         2020        2021              2020

27. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT                           1 361.3      1 093.1      2 221.5      1 820.5     3 582.8           2 913.6
      OBLIGATIONS                                                                 283.6                    283.6               11.6
       27.1 Retirement benefit funds                      14.3         11.6           4.6        24.9        18.9
                                                                                               104.6
                 Fair value of fund assets                88.3         31.1       166.3         (89.7)     254.6               56.0
                 Carrying value at beginning of year      29.6         57.9       111.4        361.2       141.0             162.5
                 Business combinations                   (38.6)       (44.3)     (141.7)     2 221.5      (180.3)           (134.0)
                 Interest income on plan assets        (153.1)       211.9       (250.4)                  (403.5)            573.1
                 Remeasurement ­ return on plan       1 301.8      1 361.3
                 assets (excluding interest income)                             2 395.3                  3 697.1           3 582.8
                 Contributions
                 Benefits paid                        (1 698.7)    (1 506.3)    (2 994.6)    (2 502.0)   (4 693.3)         (4 008.3)
                 Exchange rate translation                (17.6)       (15.7)     (433.4)                  (433.4)             (15.7)
                                                                                      (6.3)                  (23.9)
                 Carrying value at end of year
                                                          (29.5)       (32.2)      299.0          37.9      299.0               37.9
                 Present value of defined benefit          38.6         44.3        (76.4)       (75.5)    (105.9)           (107.7)
                 obligation                                 (4.3)        (4.4)     141.7          89.7      180.3             134.0
                 Carrying value at beginning of year      (16.2)        95.5        (55.6)       (52.3)
                 Business combinations                   189.1       (279.9)                                 (59.9)            (56.7)
                 Interest cost                                                     329.6       (492.4)       (16.2)             95.5
                 Remeasurement (effect of changes in  (1 538.6)    (1 698.7)                                518.7            (772.3)
                 financial assumptions)                                         (2 796.0)    (2 994.6)
                 Current service cost                                                                    (4 334.6)         (4 693.3)
                 Benefits paid/accrued to be paid
                 Plan participants contributions
                 Actuarial (loss)/gain
                 Exchange rate translation

                 Carrying value at end of year
52  AFS 2021

                                                                The BWG Group     The SPAR Handels AG       Total
                                                                retirement funds     retirement funds  2021

            Rmillion                                            2021     2020     2021     2020                    2020

    27. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT                                 (1 538.6) (1 698.7) (2 796.0) (2 994.6) (4 334.6) (4 693.3)
          OBLIGATIONS continued                                 1 301.8 1 361.3 2 395.3 2 221.5 3 697.1 3 582.8
          27.1 Retirement benefit funds
                 continued                                        (236.8) (337.4) (400.7) (773.1) (637.5) (1 110.5)

                     Amounts recognised on the
                     statements of financial position
                     Present value of fund obligations
                     Fair value of plan assets

                     Net liability recognised in the
                     statement of financial position

              Amounts recognised on the                         (32.8)   (36.3)   (78.1)   (75.5)      (110.9)     (111.8)
              statement of profit or loss and                   (29.5)   (32.2)   (76.4)   (75.5)
              other comprehensive income                                                               (105.9)     (107.7)
              Statement of profit or loss                        (3.3)     (4.1)    (1.7)  62.8           (5.0)       (4.1)
                                                                (17.6)   (15.7)     (6.3)
              Current service cost                              14.3      11.6       4.6                (23.9)      (15.7)
              Net interest on obligation                        72.1     126.5    465.3                  18.9        11.6

              Interest on obligation                            88.3      31.0    166.3                537.4       189.3
              Interest income on fund assets
                                                                (16.2)    95.5    299.0
              Other comprehensive income

              Remeasurement ­ return on plan assets                                        24.9        254.6       55.9
              (excluding interest income)                                                  37.9        299.0       37.9
              Remeasurement ­ defined benefit                                                          (16.2)      95.5
              obligation (changes in assumptions)
              Net actuarial (losses)/gains recognised
              in the current year

              The fair value of plan assets at end of

              period for each category are as follows:

              Cash and cash equivalents                    (%)     0.1      0.2      2.8      1.2
                                                                 50.9     42.1     36.2     35.3
              Equities                                     (%)                     20.2     24.7
                                                                   3.6      4.7    40.8     38.8
              Property                                     (%)   45.4     53.0
                                                                                  100.0    100.0
              Fixed interest bonds                         (%)  100.0    100.0

              Sensitivity of pension cost trend rates

              The impact on the defined benefit obligation,

              based on a quantitative sensitivity analysis

              for the pension cost trend rate, is set out

              below:                                       (%)

              Defined benefit obligation                   0.5  (153.9)  (169.9)  (230.6)  (267.6)
                                                                169.2    198.7    255.4    308.6
              Defined benefit obligation                (0.5)

              The key actuarial assumptions

              applied in the determination

              of fair values include:

              Inflation rate                               (%)  1.85     1.00     0.50     0.50

              Salary escalation rate                       (%)  1.85     1.00     1.00     1.00

              Discount rate                                (%)  1.40     1.15     0.35     0.20

              Expected rate of return on plan assets (%)        1.40     1.15     2.00     2.00

              The defined benefit plans typically expose the group to actuarial assumptions such as investment risk, interest rate risk,
              longevity risk and salary risk. Changes in these variables will result in a change to the defined benefit plan liability.

              In the current year, the actuarial gain is largely impacted by experience adjustments and changes to demographic inputs.

              THE SPAR GROUP LTD RETIREMENT FUNDS (SOUTHERN AFRICA)
              The company contributes towards retirement benefits for substantially all permanent employees who, depending on
              preference, are members of either the group's defined contribution pension fund, defined contribution staff provident
              fund, defined contribution management provident fund or defined benefit fund. Contributions to fund obligations for the
              payment of retirement benefits are recognised in profit or loss when due.

              All funds are governed by the Pension Funds Act, No 24 of 1956. The funds are managed by appointed administrators
              and investment managers, and their assets remain independent of the company.
                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                  53

27. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS continued

      27.1 Retirement benefit funds continued
               THE SPAR GROUP LTD CONTRIBUTION FUNDS

                 In terms of their rules, the defined contribution funds have annual financial reviews, which are performed by the funds'
                 consulting actuaries. At the date of their last reviews the funds were judged to be financially sound. Contributions of
                 R169.4 million (2020: R157.7 million) and R167.7 million (2020: R156.1 million) were expensed for the group and
                 company respectively during the year.

THE BWG GROUP RETIREMENT FUNDS (IRELAND)

The BWG Group contributes towards retirement benefits for approximately 945 (2020: 974) current and former
employees who are members of either the group's defined benefit staff pension scheme (BWG Foods Ltd Staff
Pension Scheme), defined benefit executive pension scheme (BWG Ltd Executive Pension Scheme) or one of the
defined contribution schemes. All schemes are governed by the Irish Pensions Act, No 25 of 1990 (as amended per
Irish statute). The bulk of the funds is invested with Irish Life Investment Managers, with small holdings managed by
SSgA and F&C and directly by the scheme. The schemes' assets remain independent of the group.

THE BWG GROUP DEFINED BENEFIT FUNDS

In terms of their rules, the defined benefit funds have annual financial reviews, which are performed by the funds'
consulting actuaries. At the date of their last reviews the funds were judged to be on track to meet their obligations.
Current service costs, past service cost or credit and net expense or income are recognised to profit or loss. The
defined benefit pension scheme's obligations were valued at R1 538.6 million (2020: R1 698.7 million) using the
projected unit credit method and the funds were found to be in a sound financial position. At that date the actuarial
fair value of the plan assets represented 84.6% (2020: 80.0%) of the plan liabilities. The next actuarial valuation of the
defined benefit schemes will take place on 1 January 2022. These schemes are closed to further membership.

THE BWG GROUP CONTRIBUTION FUNDS
The BWG Group operates a number of defined contribution pension schemes. Contributions of R28.3 million (2020:
R27.7 million) were expensed during the year.

       THE SPAR HOLDING AG RETIREMENT FUNDS (SWITZERLAND)
        The pension plan of SPAR Holding AG and the undertakings economically linked to it is a contribution based plan
        which guarantees a minimum interest credit and fixed conversion rates at retirement. Disability and death benefits are
        defined as a percentage of the insured salary. The plan for additional risk benefits provides disability and death
        benefits defined as a percentage of the additional risk salary. IAS 19.139(a)(ii) provides benefits over the LPP/BVG law,
        which stipulates the minimum requirement of the mandatory employer's sponsored pension plan in Switzerland. The
        pension plan is set up as a separate legal entity. The foundation is responsible for the governance of the plan and the
        board is composed of an equal number of representatives from the employer and the employees. The plan must be
        fully funded under LPP/BVG law on a static basis at all times. In case of underfunding, recovery measures must be
        taken, such as additional financing from the employer or from the employer and employees, or reduction of benefits
        or a combination of both. The foundation has set up investment guidelines, defining in particular the strategic allocation
        with margins.

        SPAR Switzerland retirement funds contribute towards retirement benefits for approximately 1 559 (2020: 1 293) current
        and former employees.

        The next actuarial valuation of the defined benefit schemes will take place in 2022. These schemes are closed to
        further membership.

27.2 Post-retirement medical aid provision

                                                           GROUP               COMPANY

Rmillion                                                   2021      2020      2021      2020

Carrying value ­ actuarial valuation at beginning of year  (159.5)   (173.8)   (159.5)   (173.8)
Recognised as an expense during the current year            (17.1)    (17.3)    (17.1)    (17.3)

  Interest cost                                             (15.4)    (15.0)    (15.4)    (15.0)
  Current service cost                                        (1.7)     (2.3)     (1.7)     (2.3)

Employer contributions                                       12.4      10.9      12.4      10.9
Actuarial (loss)/gain                                         (9.2)    20.7       (9.2)    20.7

Carrying value at end of year                              (173.4)   (159.5)   (173.4)   (159.5)

The principal actuarial assumptions applied in the
determination of fair values include:

Discount rate ­ in-service members        (%)               11.1      11.3      11.1      11.3
                                                              9.4       9.6       9.4       9.6
Discount rate ­ continuation members      (%)                 7.9       7.2       7.9       7.2
                                                              7.3       6.1       7.3       6.1
Medical inflation ­ in-service members    (%)
                                                           63/65     63/65     63/65     63/65
Medical inflation ­ continuation members  (%)

Average retirement age                    (years)
54  AFS 2021

    27. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS continued
          27.2 Post-retirement medical aid provision continued

              The obligation of the group to pay medical aid contributions after retirement is not part of the conditions of
              employment for employees engaged after 1 March 1997. There are 245 (2020: 249) pensioners and current
              employees who remain entitled to this benefit. The expected payments to retired employees for the next
              financial year is R12.5 million (2020: R12.4 million)

              The impact on the defined benefit obligation, based on a quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant
              assumptions is set out below:

                                                                            Discount           Medical
                                                                               rate            inflation

              Rmillion                                         Sensitivity  2021      2020     2021       2020
                                                               % change

              Defined benefit obligation                       1.0          (15.2)    (13.5)   18.5       16.7
              Defined benefit obligation                                              15.8     (16.1)     (14.5)
                                                               (1.0)        17.9

              The sensitivity analysis has been determined based on a method that extrapolates the impact on the defined benefit
              obligation as a result of reasonable changes in the key assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period.
              Based on past experience, life expectancy is assumed to remain unchanged. The last actuarial valuation was
              performed in September 2021 and the next valuation is expected to be performed during the 2022 financial year.

                                                                            GROUP              COMPANY

    Rmillion                                                                2021      2020     2021       2020

    28. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES                                               50.1    1 078.7    ­          ­
                                                                            50.1    1 023.8
            Present value                                                                      ­          ­
            TIL JV Ltd                                                      50.1         49.7
            SPAR Holding AG
            S Buys Holdings (Pty) Ltd                                               2 152.2

            Total financial liabilities                                             (2 102.5)

            Less: Short-term portion of financial liabilities                            49.7

            Long-term portion of financial liabilities

    Undiscounted value                                                      55.9    1 100.4    ­          ­
    TIL JV Ltd                                                              55.9    1 106.9
    SPAR Holding AG
    S Buys Holdings (Pty) Ltd                                                5.8        55.9
                                                                                    2 263.2
    Difference between undiscounted value and the
    carrying amount of the financial liabilities                                      111.0

    The undiscounted value of the financial liabilities represents the amount the group is contractually required to pay at
    maturity to the holder of the obligation.

    TIL JV Ltd

    On 1 August 2014, The SPAR Group Ltd acquired a controlling shareholding of 80% in the BWG Group, which is
    held by TIL JV Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of The SPAR Group Ltd. The SPAR Group Ltd agreed to acquire the
    remaining 20% shareholding from the non-controlling shareholders at specified future dates and in accordance with
    a determined valuation model.

    The financial liability is calculated as the present value of the non-controlling interests' share of the expected purchase
    value and discounted from the expected exercise dates to the reporting date. An election was made not to recognise a
    non-controlling interest, but to fair value the financial liability. The group has recognised 100% of the attributable profit.

    In March 2020, 10.106% of the 20% minority interest was settled at an amount of R884.4 million. In January 2021,
    the remaining balance of 9.894% was settled at R1 041.7 million. Interest is recorded in respect of this liability within
    finance costs using the effective interest rate method. The net exchange differences on the financial liability have been
    presented in finance costs. Fair value adjustments on the financial liability were presented in other non-operating items

    SPAR Holding AG

    On 1 April 2016, The SPAR Group Ltd acquired a controlling shareholding of 60% in SPAR Holding AG, which is held by
    SAH Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of The SPAR Group Ltd. An election was made not to recognise the non-controlling
    interest's share of profits or losses in equity, but rather as the movement in the fair value of the discounted financial
    liability to purchase the remaining 40% shareholding. The total obligation of CHF56.3 million was accounted for as a
    financial liability at the present value of the obligation, discounted from the expected settlement date to the reporting
    date. This obligation was settled in March 2021 at an amount of R920.4 million.

    Interest is recorded in respect of this liability within finance costs using the effective interest rate method. The net
    exchange differences on the financial liability have been presented in finance costs.
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                      55

28. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES continued

      S Buys Holdings (Pty) Ltd

        On 1 October 2017, The SPAR Group Ltd acquired a 60% shareholding in S Buys Holdings (Pty) Ltd which trades as
        S Buys. The SPAR Group Ltd agreed to purchase the remaining 40% shareholding in S Buys between 30 September 2022
        and 31 December 2022 for an amount based on a multiple of the profit after tax for the 2022 financial year. This
        obligation to purchase the remaining shareholding was recognised as a financial liability at the present value of the
        obligation, discounted from the expected settlement date to the reporting date. An election was made not to recognise
        the non-controlling interest's share of profits or losses in equity, but rather as the movement in the fair value of the
        discounted financial liability to purchase the remaining 40% shareholding. As at 30 September 2021, the financial liability
        was valued at R50.1 million (2020: R49.7 million) based on management's expectation of future profit performance. This
        liability has been classified as non-current as at 30 September 2021 as the group has an unconditional right and intends
        to defer settlement beyond the next 12 months.

        Interest is recorded in respect of this liability within finance costs using the effective interest rate method. The estimated
        future purchase price is fair valued at each reporting date and any changes in the value of the liability as a result of
        changes in the assumptions used to estimate the future purchase price are recorded in profit or loss.

MOVEMENTS IN LEVEL 3 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS CARRIED AT FAIR VALUE

The following tables show a reconciliation of the opening and closing balances of level 3 financial instruments carried at
fair value:

                                                    GROUP                  COMPANY

Rmillion                                            2021        2020       2021     2020

TIL JV Ltd                                          1 078.7     1 326.3          1 326.3
Carrying value at beginning of year                      20.0     105.7               23.4
Finance costs recognised in profit or loss                         (33.5)            (33.5)
Net exchange differences arising during the period  (1 041.7)     255.6
Fair value adjustments                                  (57.0)                      149.7
Transfer of liability within the group                       ­   (884.4)         (1 465.9)
Settlement of financial liability                                 309.0
Exchange rate translation                                                  ­        ­
                                                                1 078.7
Carrying value at end of year

S Buys Holdings (Pty) Ltd                           49.7        37.2
Carrying value at beginning of year
Finance costs recognised in profit or loss          0.4         12.5

Carrying value at end of year                       50.1        49.7       ­        ­

Movements in financial liabilities held             1 023.8       840.9    ­        ­
at amortised cost                                         1.9       13.5
SPAR Holding AG                                                       7.9  ­        ­
Carrying value at beginning of year                    (23.6)
Finance costs recognised in profit or loss           (920.4)      161.5
Net exchange differences arising during the period              1 023.8
Settlement of financial liability                      (81.7)   2 152.2
Exchange rate translation
                                                            ­
Carrying value at end of year
                                                        50.1
Total financial liabilities

                                                    GROUP                  COMPANY

        Rmillion                                    2021        2020       2021     2020

29. BORROWINGS                                      2 630.9     1 858.8    82.9     115.5
                                                    5 018.9     5 197.1
        Unsecured borrowings                                               82.9     115.5
        Secured borrowings                          7 649.8     7 055.9    46.6      36.9
                                                                           36.3      78.6
        Total borrowings                              393.4       362.8
                                                    7 256.4     6 693.1
        Current portion
        Non-current portion
56  AFS 2021

    29. BORROWINGS continued
          Analysis of total group borrowings:

    Secured/Unsecured Segment    Financial institution                Facility type

                Southern Africa  Investec                             Term loan
                                 Nedbank                              Asset finance
                                 Wesbank                              Asset finance
                                                                      Term loan
                Switzerland      Credit Suisse                        Rollover credit
                                 Hypo Vorarlberg Bank                 Rollover credit
    Unsecured                    Thurgauer Kantonalbank               Rollover credit
    borrowings                   Credit Suisse                        Term loan
                                                                      Term loan
    Secured     Poland           Morndale Investments
    borrowings                   Nedbank                              Term loan
                                 European Bank for Reconstruction     Investment credit
                                 and Development (EBRD)               Investment credit
                                 Santander Bank Polska
                                 ING Bank                             Mortgage bond
                                                                      Mortgage bond
                * intention and right to extend beyond maturity date  Mortgage bond
                                                                      Mortgage bonds
                                           Rand Merchant Bank         Mortgage bonds
                Southern Africa First National Bank                   Mortgage bonds
                                                                      Mortgage bonds
                Switzerland      St. Galler Kantonalbank              Mortgage bonds
                                 Thurgauer Kantonalbank               Term loan
                                 acrevis Bank                         Rolling credit
                                 Hypo Vorarlberg Bank                 Rolling credit
                                 BTV Vier Lander Bank                 Term loan
                                 Raiffeisen Bank                      Mortgage bond

                Ireland          Irish banking syndicate
                                 Irish banking syndicate
                                 Irish banking syndicate
                                 Rabobank

                Poland           SGB Bank

                #1 year extension available

    Covenants

    The Group is required to maintain compliance with the following financial covenant ratios:

                                                                                                2021 Compliant

    IN COUNTRY COVENANTS                                                                        <3.5x   Yes
    Ireland
    Irish banking syndicate                                                                     >4.0x   Yes
    Leverage ratio
    Interest cover                                                                                      Yes
    Rabobank
    Leverage ratio                                                                              <4.25x  Yes

    Switzerland Credit Suisse                                                                   <5.0x   Yes
    Leverage ratio
    Equity ratio                                                                                >30.0%  Yes

    GROUP COVENANTS                                                                             <2.75x  Yes
    Nedbank and EBRD and Rabobank and Irish bank syndicate
    Leverage ratio (Pre IFRS 16)                                                                >4.0x   Yes
    Interest cover
    Rabobank and Irish bank syndicate                                                           >2.0x   Yes
    Fixed charge cover
    Dividend cover                                                                              >1.4x   Yes
    EBRD
    Leverage ratio                                                                              <4.5x   Yes

    The Group has complied with financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the 2021 and 2020 reporting periods.
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  57

Currency  Maturity date             Interest rate                        Carrying Value

ZAR                                                                           2021      2020
ZAR                                                                      Rmillion   Rmillion
ZAR
CHF       01/05/2023                4.30%                                 82.9      115.5
CHF       01/05/2022 ­ 01/07/2023   Prime ­ Prime plus 0.97%                0.9        0.7
CHF       01/02/2022 ­ 01/07/2023   Prime ­ Prime less 1.5%                 0.7        0.9
CHF
EUR       31/03/2026                SARON plus 2.0%                      907.1      181.6
EUR       31/10/2021 ­ 31/01/2022*  SARON plus 0.85%                     194.4      326.9
          15/10/2021 ­ 31/12/2021*  SARON plus 0.95%                                199.8
EUR       14/01/2022*               SARON plus 0.80%                      97.2
PLN                                                                       32.4       36.3
PLN       31/3/2023                 EURIBOR plus 1.6%
          01/09/2024                EURIBOR plus 1.9%                    175.6      198.7
ZAR                                                                      701.3      794.1
ZAR
CHF       30/09/2024                EURIBOR plus 2%                        438.4          2.2
CHF       30/10/2021                WIBOR 3M plus 3.2%                                    2.1
CHF       01/09/2021                0%                                   2 630.9    1 858.8
CHF                                                                        143.2
CHF       Total Unsecured Borrowings                                           7.5    149.8
CHF
EUR       01/06/2025                6.74%                                  301.3      55.30
EUR       01/11/2025                6.25%                                  124.8      339.6
GBP                                                                        149.5      139.9
EUR       31/12/2020                SARON plus 1.71%                       288.3      172.8
PLN       08/11/2021 ­ 02/11/2026   SARON plus 0.75% ­ SARON plus 1.91%    532.1      323.3
          31/03/2023 ­ 30/06/2023   SARON plus 1.5% ­ SARON plus 1.8%    2 277.6      546.2
          31/08/2023 ­ 30/06/2028   SARON plus 0.6% ­ SARON plus 1.8%               2 676.4
          30/06/2023 ­ 30/06/2025   SARON plus 0.75%                         99.6     491.3
          31/10/2021 ­ 31/12/2027   SARON plus 0.75% ­ SARON plus 1.15%    401.0      221.3
                                                                           621.9
          18/12/2025#               EURIBOR plus 1.2%                                   81.2
          18/12/2025#               EURIBOR plus 1.05%                       72.1   5 197.1
          18/12/2025#               LIBOR plus 1.05%                     5 018.9
          18/12/2025#               EURIBOR plus 3.35%

          28/11/2031                WIBOR 3M plus 1.95%

          Total Secured Borrowings
58  AFS 2021

                                                                  GROUP                        COMPANY

    Rmillion                                                      2021       2020              2021             2020

    30. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES                                  13 434.8   14 878.0          7 442.9          7 584.5
                                                                   4 681.6    4 533.4          2 406.0          2 160.4
            Trade creditors                                           150.0
            Other payables                                                   19 411.4            150.0          9 744.9
            Independent Development Corporation (IDC) Loan        18 266.4
                                                                                               9 998.9
            Trade and other payables

    The other payables balance includes accrued operational expenses, capital expenditure accruals and VAT payable.

    As a result of the unrest which occurred during the current year, the Company received short-term funding assistance
    from the IDC for working capital and capital expenditure requirements of the retailers affected by the looting.

    The directors consider the carrying amount of trade and other payables to approximate their fair values due to their
    short-term duration. Further information regarding risk assessment for these payables have been detailed in note 39.

    31. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

            Related-party relationships exist between the company, its subsidiaries, key personnel within the group and its
            shareholders. These transactions occurred under terms and conditions no more favourable than transactions
            concluded with independent third parties, unless otherwise stated below:

          31.1 Company

                     During the year, the following related-party transactions occurred:

              Rmillion                                                                         2021             2020

              Transactions with subsidiaries of the company                                        (27.4)           (26.1)
              Rent paid                                                                           137.5              42.9
              Dividends received                                                                                     45.4
              Management fees received                                                              78.4            (10.9)
              Subscription paid                                                                    (12.4)            15.3
              Funds advanced to Trust                                                               13.3           253.7
              Sales                                                                               209.4         (2 306.8)
              Purchases                                                                        (3 992.7)             54.6
              Recoveries                                                                            92.7             70.4
              Intercompany guarantee Fee                                                            84.4
              Interest income                                                                                         1.3
              Share options granted                                                                  0.7
              Balances with subsidiaries of the company                                              (0.9)         884.4
              Intercompany receivable due to Spar Group Limited*                                                  (412.1)
              Intercompany payable by Spar Group Limited                                          719.1
              Transactions with associates of the company                                        (333.3)           459.8
              Interest income
              Sales                                                                                  1.6             21.3
              Balances with associates of the company                                             115.8
              Intercompany loan due to Spar Group Limited
                                                                                                    10.7

              * These intercompany receivables due to SPAR Group Ltd are interest free, unsecured and no date has been set for payment.

    31.2 Investment in subsidiaries

            Details of the company's investment in its subsidiaries are disclosed in note 14.

    31.3 Investment in associates and joint ventures

            Details of the company's investment in its associates and joint ventures are disclosed in note 15.

    31.4 Shareholders

            Details of major shareholders of the company can be found in the online integrated report.

    31.5 Key management personnel

            Key management personnel are directors and those executives having authority and responsibility for planning,
            directing and controlling the activities of the group. No key management personnel had a significant interest in any
            contract with any group company during the year under review. Details of directors' emoluments and shareholding
            in the company are disclosed in notes 36 and 37 as well as in the directors' statutory report. The board has
            determined that there are no prescribed officers in accordance with the Companies Act.
                                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  59

31. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS continued
      31.5 Key management personnel continued

                 Company key management personnel remuneration comprises:

Rmillion                                                                                      2021        2020

Directors' fees                                                                                 6.2          5.7
Remuneration for management services                                                          52.8         48.5
Retirement contributions
Medical aid contributions                                                                       6.1          5.4
Performance bonuses                                                                             1.7          1.3
Fringe and other benefits                                                                     15.2         33.8
Expense relating to share options granted                                                       3.7          1.1
                                                                                              12.2         19.1
Total
                                                                                              97.9        114.9

The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the Remuneration Committee having
regard to the performance of the individual and market trends.

                                                                      GROUP                   COMPANY

        Rmillion                                                      2021        2020        2021        2020

32. CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS                                    3 392.6     3 442.6     2 450.4     2 468.7
      32.1 Cash generated from operations
                                                                      1 965.4     1 976.2     420.9       382.6
                 Operating profit                                                                9.9         0.8
                 Adjusted for non cash items recognised                   53.4        52.4       7.3         7.3
                 in profit or loss:                                         0.1        (2.3)
                 Depreciation and amortisation                              7.3         7.3   26.1        24.3
                 Net loss on disposal of PPE and                                                          64.3
                 Intangible assets                                        29.8          6.0   96.5        97.9
                 Net loss/(gain) on disposal of assets held for sale      27.0        24.3
                 Movement in employee benefit provisions-Medical aid                            5.1        1.4
                 Movement in employee benefit provisions-                 48.8      133.2
                 Retirement fund                                                      64.4     (2.0)
                 Share-based payment expenses                               9.6         9.8   (11.4)
                 Movement in provisions raised against                     (1.8)       (5.4)
                 trade receivables                                       (14.6)      (26.6)     0.9
                 Impairment of investments                                 (5.3)
                 Lease modification adjustment                              3.4       13.3         (0.2)     (50.3)
                 Lease smoothing adjustment                                 1.6                     0.2   2 997.0
                 Profit on disposal of businesses                                       6.7    (120.7)
                 Profit on disposal of associates                          (3.1)        5.5         0.2
                 Impairment of goodwill                                     3.8         4.6         7.5
                 Impairment of PPE
                 Fair value adjustment ­previously held                    (1.3)      10.7    2 890.7
                 investment                                               52.0
                 Fair value adjustment ­ other investments            5 568.7     5 722.7
                 Fair value adjustment ­ assets held for sale
                 Dividend income- capital reorganisation
                 Other
                 Exchange rate translation

                 Cash generated from operations before:

Net working capital changes                                           (693.2)        698.8    (136.7)       500.0

Increase in inventories                                               (110.9)       (205.4)      (7.6)     (118.1)
Increase in trade and other receivables                               (688.9)     (1 201.3)   (397.5)      (385.6)
Increase in trade payables and provisions                             106.6       2 105.5     268.4       1 003.7

Cash generated from operations                                        4 875.5     6 421.5     2 754.0     3 497.0
60  AFS 2021

                                                                       GROUP                   COMPANY

            Rmillion                                                   2021        2020        2021       2020

    32. CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS                                   64.1      (197.3)     (288.0)      52.5
          continued                                                    557.1       283.2       443.5      362.8
          32.2 Net movement in loans and
                 investments                                               9.9         3.0         8.3        3.0
                                                                           8.3     280.2       394.4      359.7
                     Cash inflows on loans and investments             498.1
                                                                         34.3      (480.5)       34.3         0.1
                     Proceeds from disposal of other investments           6.5        (3.0)        6.5
                     Advances on block discounting loans from Wesbank                 (5.5)               (310.3)
                     Repayments of retailer and subsidiary loans       (493.0)                 (731.5)       (3.0)
                     Proceeds from disposal of associates                          (390.4)                   (5.5)
                     Repayments of loans from related parties             (8.3)     (81.6)        (8.3)
                                                                          (0.3)                   (0.3)   (213.5)
                     Cash outflows of loans and investments            (440.5)                 (337.1)     (50.3)
                                                                        (43.9)                  (25.2)
                     Advances on block discounting loans to retailers                          (326.5)     (38.0)
                     Other investments acquired                                                 (34.1)
                     Advances on retailer and subsidiary loans
                     Investment in associates
                     Investment in subsidiaries
                     Loan to the Share Trust

    32.3 Net debt reconciliation                                       19 984.7     5 164.8    5 736.8    4 968.1
                                                                                   10 182.0               1 323.1
            Carrying value at beginning of year                         3 489.4                1 219.7
            Adoption of IFRS 16                                         2 284.7     3 153.3                (670.0)
            New leases                                                                 937.3      (36.8)    115.6
            Proceeds from borrowings                                      (959.0)     (265.4)   (760.5)   5 736.8
            Repayments of borrowings                                   (1 739.3)
            Repayments of leases                                       (1 593.2)   (1 547.6)         4.3
            Foreign exchange adjustments                                            2 186.7    6 163.5
            Other changes                                                    58.9
                                                                                       173.6
            Carrying value at end of year                              21 526.2
                                                                                   19 984.7

    33. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

          33.1 Acquisitions
                   ACQUISITION OF STORE SERVICE AG

                     On 28 February 2021, SPAR Holding AG, a subsidiary of SAH Ltd based in Switzerland, acquired a 100% share
                     in Store Service AG (SSAG) for a consideration of CHF10.6 million. SSAG operates service station stores.
                     SPAR Holding AG will generate sales growth through this acquisition and will be able to expand its expertise
                     in the convenience business and strengthen the position of the SPAR Express stores. Positive short-term
                     synergy effects on costs are expected, while long-term savings in administration costs are also realistic.
                     The goodwill arising on the business combination represents these expected future economic benefits.

                     The purchase price allocation process and the acquisition date fair value of all assets and liabilities acquired are
                     final. The line items that have been adjusted as a result of this process are inventories, right-of-use assets and
                     finance lease liabilities.

              RETAIL STORES ACQUIRED
              During the financial year, SPAR acquired the assets of four (2020: nine) retail stores in South Africa and the
              BWG Group acquired the assets of 13 stores in the United Kingdom (UK) (2020: 28 stores in the UK and two in
              Ireland). The principal activity of these acquisitions is that of retail trade and all its aspects. These stores were
              purchased as part of the strategy for growth in the UK, and the goodwill arising on the business combinations is
              indicative of future turnover expected to be made by the group as a result of wholesale sales to these acquired
              stores as well as net profits to be made by the stores. These acquisitions were funded from available cash resources.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          61

33. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS continued
      33.1 Acquisitions continued

ASSETS ACQUIRED AND LIABILITIES ASSUMED AT DATE OF ACQUISITION

                                                      GROUP                             COMPANY
                                                                                                2021
                                                      2021
                                                                                          SA retail
                                                      UK retail SA retail                     stores
                                                                                                 14.7
Rmillion                               SSAG           stores   stores      Total                 14.7

Assets                                 1 504.6        128.9    14.7        1 648.2                   ­
                                                          2.7
Property, plant and equipment                2.6               14.7        20.0                  14.7
Right-of-use assets                    1 246.9        118.7                                      29.5
Goodwill and intangible assets                                             1 365.6               44.2
Deferred taxation asset                      1.4          7.5
Inventories                                 21.7                           1.4                   44.2
Trade and other receivables               100.5       (118.7)
Cash and cash equivalents                   53.8                           21.7
                                            77.7      (118.7)
Liabilities                                                                108.0
                                       (1 538.3)
Trade and other payables                                                   53.8
Income tax payable                       (132.2)
Finance lease payable                        (9.4)                         77.7
Post-employment benefit obligations
                                       (1 246.9)               ­           (1 657.0)
                                         (149.8)
                                                                             (132.2)
                                                                                 (9.4)

                                                                           (1 365.6)
                                                                             (149.8)

Total identifiable net (liabilities)/  (33.7)         10.2     14.7        (8.8)
assets at fair value
Goodwill arising from acquisition      210.5          46.9     29.5        286.9
Purchase consideration
Cash balances acquired                 176.8          57.1     44.2        278.1
Business acquisition costs
Contingent consideration (note 33.5)   (77.7)                              (77.7)

Net cash outflow on acquisition        1.7            4.7                    6.4
                                                                           (57.4)
                                       (57.4)

                                       43.4           61.8     44.2        149.4

33.2 Assets and liabilities at date of disposal

The assets and liabilities disposed of relate to ten South African retail stores (2020: four retail stores),
3 (2020: 16) retail stores in Poland, and 2 retail stores in the UK (2020: nil).

                                                      GROUP                             COMPANY

                                                      2021                                   2021
                                                                                        SA retail
                                       Polish retail  UK retail SA retail
                                              stores                                       stores
Rmillion                                              stores   stores      Total

Assets                                 201.2          2.0      121.9       325.1        121.9
                                          8.6                                            39.4
Property, plant and equipment                         0.3      39.4         48.3           1.1
Loans and other receivables             46.6                                46.6         81.4
Trade and other receivables            145.1                   1.1         146.2              ­
Inventories
Goodwill                                  0.9         1.2                     1.2          2.0
Cash and cash equivalents              201.2                                81.9        123.9
                                       199.0          0.5      81.4                     123.9
Liabilities                                                                   0.9
                                          2.2         ­        ­
Trade and other payables                12.6                               201.2
Long-term borrowings                    12.6          ­        2.0
                                         (0.9)                             199.0
Profit on disposal of businesses        11.7          2.0      123.9          2.2

Proceeds                                              2.0      123.9        14.6
Cash balances disposed
                                                                           138.5
Net cash inflow on disposal                                                  (0.9)

                                                                           137.6
62  AFS 2021

    33. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS continued
          33.3 Contribution to results for the year

                                                                GROUP                           COMPANY

              Rmillion                 SSAG                     UK retail  SA retail  Total         SA retail
                                                                   stores     stores                   stores
              Revenue                  780.1                                          977.2
              Operating profit/(loss)    31.0                   151.7      45.4        40.0              45.4
                                                                 10.4      (1.4)                         (1.4)

              Had all acquisitions been consolidated from the beginning of the financial year, the contribution to the result
              would have been as follows:

                                                                GROUP                           COMPANY

                                                                UK retail  SA retail            SA retail
                                                                              stores              stores
              Rmillion                 SSAG                     stores                Total

              Revenue                  1 337.4                  283.0      80.8       1 701.2   80.8
              Operating profit/(loss)      53.1                  23.0      (2.5)          73.6  (2.5)

            Revenue figures included are those contributed by the business inclusive of intercompany sales to SPAR.

    33.4 Cash flow on acquisition of business/subsidiaries

            The cash flow on acquisition of businesses/subsidiaries is noted as being the amount disclosed in note 33.1
            and the contingent consideration and deferred consideration as described below.

                                                                GROUP                 COMPANY

              Rmillion                                          2021       2020       2021      2020

              Net cash outflow (Refer to note 33.1)             149.4      654.3      44.2      253.7
              Contingent consideration cash outflow on retail
              stores acquired in 2020 (note 33.5)               52.6       27.3
              Deferred consideration on retail stores acquired
              in 2020 (note 33.5)                               6.7
              Cost on potential acquisitions
                                                                                                6.1
              Total net cash outflow relating to acquisitions
                                                                208.7      681.6      44.2      259.8

    33.5 Contingent and deferred consideration

            The contingent consideration payable on the SSAG acquisition was settled during October 2021 at an amount
            of R57.4 million, based on the contractual agreement at a fixed price, which was dependent on the recoverability
            of the acquired balances.

            The contingent consideration payable for UK and Irish retail stores acquired in 2020 was settled in October 2020
            at an amount of R52.6 million.

            The deferred consideration on UK retail stores acquired in 2020 of R6.7m was identified as an additional
            consideration on an acquisition after it was deemed to be income in the hands of the seller by UK tax authorities,
            payment was made subsequent to the September 2021 financial year end.

            The contingent consideration for the Heaney Meats acquisition in 2020 is still payable at the option of the
            sellers, based on profits of any year until 2025, and is estimated at an amount of R73.4 million at current
            exchange rates.

    34. FINANCIAL GUARANTEES

            Financial guarantees may be provided by the group to subsidiaries and affiliates. These financial guarantees are
            accounted for under IFRS 4 and initially measured at cost and subsequently in terms of IAS 37 which requires the best
            estimate of the expenditure to settle the present obligation. Management has assessed that it is not probable that the
            amount will be paid.

            Management's assessment is based on the ability of subsidiaries and affiliates having sufficient cash resources,
            in country, to service the underlying debt instrument's obligations as and when these become due.

            The risk relating to financial guarantees is managed per geographical region through review of cash flow forecasts,
            budgets and monitoring of covenants.

            The company has also provided a financial guarantee on the TIL JV Ltd bank facilities to the value of EUR302.2 million
            (2020: EUR279.3 million), and the SPAR Holding AG borrowing facilities to the value of CHF56 million (2020: CHF10 million).
            The additional in-country facilities was concluded to enable the business to pay the outstanding financial liability which was
            due and settled in 2021.
          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                             63

34. FINANCIAL GUARANTEES continued

        The SPAR Group had a facility with Wesbank where SPAR undertook to stand guarantee for loans issued to retailers
        up to a limit of R1.0 billion. This new facility arrangement was concluded under a direct deal basis which meant that
        the retailer signed the loan agreement directly with the bank and SPAR signed a separate guarantee for this loan.
        Exposure on the direct deals facility is disclosed as a financial guarantee and is not recognised on our balance sheet.
        The balance disclosed in the statement of financial position as at September 2021 relate to the full recourse deals.

        The company has also provided a financial guarantee on the NPI Sp z.o.o bank facilities to the value of EUR85.0 million
        (2020: EUR60.0 million).

        The board has limited the guarantee facility to R220.0 million (2020: R190.0 million) relating to Numlite (Pty) Ltd. In
        2009 the company sold its investment in retail computer equipment and ceded its right to receive payment of the
        existing and future rental streams to Numlite (Pty) Ltd, who in turn raises finance via a loan facility with an independent
        financial institution. The group has provided a limited guarantee relating to this loan facility, exposing the group to
        credit risk in the event that Numlite (Pty) Ltd defaults on its loan facility payments. At year-end, 1 039 SPAR stores
        (2020: 1 031), 699 TOPS at SPAR stores (2020: 669), 69 Pharmacy at SPAR stores (2020: 73) and 88 Build it stores
        (2020:71) were participants in the IT retail scheme, with an average debt of R106 630 (2020: R92 531) per store.

        The table below represents the full exposure of the group in relation to utilisation on these financial guarantees as at
        30 September:

                                                                    GROUP             COMPANY

Rmillion                                                            2021     2020     2021       2020

Guarantee of TIL JV Ltd borrowing facilities                        461.4    255.9    3 629.6    3 389.1
Guarantee of SPAR Holding AG borrowing facilities                                       907.1      181.6
Guarantee of Sun Village Supermarket (Pty) Ltd finance obligations  202.1    170.6                     5.9
Guarantee of Annison 45 (Pty) Ltd finance obligations               663.5    426.5          5.6        3.7
Guarantee of SPAR Mopani Rural Hub (Pty) Ltd finance obligations                            5.9        6.8
Guarantee of SPAR Lowveld (Pty) Ltd finance obligations                                     1.2        2.1
Guarantee of Wesbank direct deal loan agreements                                        461.4      255.9
Guarantee of NPI Investment Sp z.o.o                                                  1 490.2
Guarantee of Numlite (Pty) Ltd finance obligations                                      202.1    1 155.6
                                                                                                   170.6
                                                                                      6 703.1
                                                                                                 5 171.3

                                                                    GROUP             COMPANY

        Rmillion                                                    2021     2020     2021       2020

35. COMMITMENTS                                                       907.5    665.3  361.7      346.4
      Capital commitments                                             388.0    832.2   63.9      412.7
                                                                                                 759.1
        Contracted                                                  1 295.5  1 497.5  425.6
        Approved but not contracted                                                              125.1
        Total capital commitments                                   976.4    757.3    116.6      634.0
        Analysed as follows:                                        319.1    740.2    309.0
        Property, plant and equipment
        Intangible assets

        Capital commitments will be financed from group resources.
64  AFS 2021

                                                Performance- Retirement     Allowances                     Share
                                                                              and other                 scheme
                                       Basic    related            funding      benefits(1)
                                                                                                           gains
            R'000                      salary   bonus(2) contributions                                            Total

    36. DIRECTORS'                      3 563   1 029                413      403                       4 052      8 431
          REMUNERATION                  4 375   1 359                512    1 245                                  7 161
          AND INTERESTS                 5 928                        695    1 091                       4 899     13 972
          REPORT                                2 388                                                   8 951
          36.1 Emoluments              13 866                      1 620    2 739                                 29 564

                     2021
                     Executive
                     directors
                     GO O'Connor
                     BW Botten
                     MW Godfrey

                     Total emoluments

              2020                      8 145    7 820               944      506                       10 732    17 415
              Executive directors       1 136    5 010               137    1 116                                 13 121
              GO O'Connor               5 217   12 830               614                                 4 862    11 386
              WA Hook                                                  65     545                       15 594     6 030
              MW Godfrey                   531                                572
              R Venter                                             1 760                                          47 952
                                       15 029                               2 739
              Total emoluments

             (1)Other benefits include medical aid contributions and a long service award.              GROUP
             (2)The performance-related bonuses relate to amounts earned in the current year.
             (3)R Venter and WA Hook retired on the 30 November 2020 and 31 January 2020 respectively.  2021      2020
             (4)GO O'Connor retired as the CEO at the AGM on 16 February 2021.
             (5)BW Botten was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) on the 1 March 2021.         675     1 532
                                                                                                        1 566
            R'000                                                                                                   681
                                                                                                          770       918
    36.2 Fees for services as non-executive directors                                                     979       791
                                                                                                          837       371
            MJ Hankinson                                                                                            761
            G O'Connor (Chairman)b                                                                      1 110       641
            M Mashologuac                                                                                 695
            HK Mehtaabc                                                                                   295     5 695
            P Mngangabd
            CF Wells                                                                                    6 927
            AG Wallerabc
            LM Koyanacd
            JA Cannycd

            Total fees

              MJ Hankinson retired at the AGM on 16 February 2021.
              G O'Connor was appointed as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board on 1 March 2021. Included in the 2021 amount are fees
              of R583 333 for other services.
              CF Wells retired on 11 February 2020.
              JA Canny was appointed as a Non-Executive member of the Board on 1 May 2021.
              AG Waller was appointed as the lead independent on 1 March 2021.

              a Member of Audit Committee.
              b Member of Remuneration and Nominations Committee.
              c Member of Risk Committee.
              d Member of Social and Ethics Committee.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                 65

36. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION AND INTERESTS REPORT continued

                                                                              GROUP

Number of shares                                                              2021          2020

36.3 Directors' interests in the share capital of the company                 10 556    23 617
                                                                              34 639
        Executive directors                                                             61 178
        BW Botten ­ direct beneficial holding                                 81 642     2 800
        MW Godfrey ­ direct beneficial holding                                           2 000
        Non-executive directors                                                2 000     9 000
        GO O'Connor ­ direct beneficial holding                                9 000     3 200
        MJ Hankinson ­ held by associates                                      3 200
        HK Mehta ­ direct beneficial holding
        HK Mehta ­ indirect beneficial holding
        AG Waller ­ direct beneficial holding

MJ Hankinson retired at the AGM on 16 February 2021.

There were no changes to the directors' interests in the share capital of the company between the end of the
financial year and the date of approval of the annual financial statements.

36.4 Declaration of disclosure

The company enters into arm's-length transactions in the ordinary course of business with certain entities in which
Non executive director GO O'Connor, or his direct family members, have both a controlling interest or significant influence.
These interests are in the form of shareholdings in food service and retail stores and are disclosed in an annual declaration
of directors' interests in the company. Transactions between the company to businesses where control has been
demonstrated by Graham O'Connor, or his direct family members, for the period ended 30 September 2021 comprise
of wholesale sales of R211.9 million (2020: R217.1 million) and distribution centre canteen purchases of R33.4 million
(2020: R28.8 million) and trade account balances at year ­ end of R16.9 million (2020: R16.1 million).

Other than that disclosed above and in note 37, to the annual financial statements, no consideration was paid to or by
any third party, or by the company itself, in respect of the services of the company's directors, as directors of the
company, during the year ended 30 September 2021.

37. DIRECTORS' SHARE SCHEME INTERESTS

        The group's option scheme provides the right to the option holder to purchase shares in the company at the option
        price. On election by option holders, one-third of the options granted vest after three years, with a further third vesting
        on the expiry of years four and five respectively. Option holders have 10 years from the date of issue to exercise their
        option rights.

37.1 Options held over shares in The SPAR Group Ltd

                                                           Date of   Option    Number of
                                                             option    price  options held
                                                                       Rand
                                                              issue           2021          2020
                                                                     124.22
Executive directors                                   07/02/2014                     ­   50 000
GO O'Connor*                                                          99.91              50 000
MW Godfrey                                            08/12/2010      96.46   35 000     25 000
                                                      08/11/2011     122.81   30 000     35 000
BW Botten                                             13/11/2012     126.43   30 000     30 000
                                                      12/11/2013              95 000     30 000
                                                                     126.43   10 000    120 000
                                                      12/11/2013              10 000     10 000

                                                                                         10 000

*GO O'Connor retired as the CEO at the AGM on 16 February 2021 and was appointed as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
   on 1 March 2021.
66  AFS 2021

    37. DIRECTORS' SHARE SCHEME INTERESTS continued

                                                  Date of Number of                Option          Market
                                                                                     price        price on
                                                  options            options         Rand         exercise      Gain
                                                                                                               R'000
                                                  exercised exercised                                 Rand
                                                                                                               2 291
    37.2 Options exercised                        2020/12/09         25 000        99.91          191.55

            MW Godfrey

    37.3 Shares held by participants in terms of the conditional share plan

            In terms of the conditional share plan, the group has granted shares to executives, senior management and key
            talent specifically identified in the form of performance share awards. These shares vest over a period of three
            years subject to performance conditions at year-end. No exercise price is allocated to these awards.

            Awards to participants in terms of the conditional share plan are as follows:

                                                                     Award         Share price     Number of
                                                                       date         on date of    options held
                                                                                           grant
                                                                                           Rand   2021          2020

              Executive directors                                    2018/02/07    170.70          3 334       30 700
              GO O'Connor*                                           2019/02/12    175.20         13 900       33 100
              GO O'Connor*                                           2020/02/11    198.01         16 600       45 100
              GO O'Connor*                                           2018/02/07    181.15         30 500       13 000
              BW Botten                                              2019/02/12    170.70                      13 900
              BW Botten                                              2020/02/11    175.20          4 667       16 600
              BW Botten                                              2021/02/16    198.01         20 800
              BW Botten                                              2018/02/07    181.15         20 800       17 500
              MW Godfrey                                             2019/02/12                   30 000       20 800
              MW Godfrey                                             2020/02/11                                20 800
              MW Godfrey                                             2021/02/16
              MW Godfrey

                                                                                                  140 601      211 500

              *GO O'Connor retired as the CEO at the AGM on 16 February 2021 and was appointed as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
                 on 1 March 2021.

    37.4 CSP gains                                                                                Date vested   Gain
                                                                                                               R'000
            GO O'Connor                                                                           2021/02/23
            MW Godfrey                                                                            2021/03/31   4 052
                                                                                                               2 608

    38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

          38.1 Share option scheme

                     The company has an equity settled share option scheme in place which is operated through The SPAR Group Ltd
                     Share Employee Trust (2004) (the trust). On election by option holders, one-third of the options granted vest after
                     three years, with a further third vesting on the expiry of years four and five respectively. Options issued by the trust
                     expire 10 years from grant date. Options are forfeited if the employee leaves the group before vesting date.

              Share options outstanding at year-end are as follows:

                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                                  options held

                                                                                                  2021          2020

              Balance at beginning of year                                                        1 034 400    1 474 800
              Options exercised and paid in full                                                   (387 900)    (402 900)
              Options exercised and unpaid                                                                        (37 500)

              Balance at end of year                                                              646 500 1 034 400

              Weighted average grant price of options exercised during the year                   104.33       101.33
              Weighted average selling price of options exercised during the year                 189.22       195.76

              No further issues of options have been granted under the share option scheme. Refer to the conditional share
              plan in note 38.2.

    38.2 Conditional share plan

            The group operates a CSP under which it receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments
            of the company. Shares granted in terms of the CSP meet the definition of an equity-settled, share-based payment.
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                           67

38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS continued

      38.2 Conditional share plan continued

                 In terms of the CSP, the group has granted shares to executives, senior management and key talent specifically
                 identified in the form of performance share awards. Awards can comprise shares (restricted shares) that are
                 subject to the condition that the participants remain employed with the group (employment condition) and/or
                 shares (performance shares) that are subject to an employment condition and company-related performance
                 conditions (performance condition) over a predetermined period (performance period). The award will only be
                 settled after the vesting date and the participant will not have any shareholder or voting rights prior to the vesting
                 date. Participants do not receive dividends during the vesting period and will only begin receiving dividends if
                 and after the awards have vested. Participants terminating employment due to resignation or dismissal on
                 grounds of misconduct, proven poor performance or proven dishonest or fraudulent conduct, or any reason
                 other than stated below will be classified as bad leavers and will forfeit all unvested awards.

                 Participants terminating employment due to death, retirement, retrenchment, ill health, disability, injury or sale
                 of SPAR will be classified as good leavers and a portion of all unvested awards will vest on the date as soon as
                 reasonably possible after the date of termination of employment.

                 The CSP officially grants performance share awards to employees which vest over a period of three years.
                 These shares were awarded subject to the following three performance conditions:

                 · Headline earnings per share (HEPS) growth

                 · Return on net assets (RONA)

                 · Total shareholder return (TSR)

                 The fair value (excluding attrition) is calculated as the share price at grant date, multiplied by the number of
                 shares granted. The fair value is then adjusted for attrition. To determine the number of shares that will vest at
                 the end of the vesting period as a result of the performance conditions, a model is used that has both stochastic
                 and deterministic features. The assumptions and inputs used in the valuation of the units issued are summarised
                 in the table that follows. Also taken into account in this calculation are: SPAR forecast HEPS growth, SPAR
                 Remuneration Committee HEPS tentative target set in November 2014 had raised the expectation for future
                 RONA to midway between the tentative target and upper target; SPAR forecast average RONA and consumer
                 price index to grant date. As expectations are revised during the performance period, the value per unit will be
                 restated accordingly.

                 The volatilities of the TSR of SPAR and each of the peer companies were based on the three-year historical
                 annualised standard deviations of the weekly log returns. It should be noted that the absolute values of the
                 volatility assumptions are less important than most other schemes. This is because the proportion of shares
                 vesting under the TSR performance condition is determined largely by performance relative to the peer group.

Model inputs and assumptions                                   2021                  2020                     2019
as at 30 September 2021                         November 2020        November 2019            November 2018

                                                              grant                 grant                    grant

Description

Grant date                                      17 November 2020     12 November 2019         13 November 2018
                                                                        13 February 2023         14 February 2022
Vesting date                                    18 February 2024       1 October 2019 to        1 October 2018 to

Performance period for TSR condition            1 October 2020 to    30 September 2022        30 September 2021
                                                                                    294 950                  312 900
                                                30 September 2023                   114 000                  100 000
                                                                                                               148.26
Total number of units granted                   346 300                               171.12                   139.94
                                                                                      163.79                   133.67
Total number of retention units granted*        175 500                               156.81
                                                                                                             325 700
Fair value of retention shares vesting in 2022                                      398 200                    175.20
                                                                                      198.01
Fair value of retention shares vesting in 2023                                                                12.30%
                                                                                     12.06%   Term structure used
Fair value of retention shares vesting in 2024  149.92               Term structure used      Term structure used
                                                                     Term structure used       Varies by company
Fair value of retention shares vesting in 2025  140.16                Varies by company
                                                                                                                60.0%
Fair value of retention shares vesting in 2026  129.60                                 60.0%               5.0% p.a.
                                                                                  5.0% p.a.
Total number of units outstanding at

30 September 2021                               521 800

Share price at grant date                       181.15

Expected total CPI over the performance

period                                          13.92%

Risk-free rate                                  Term structure used

Dividend yield                                  Term structure used

Volatility                                      Varies by company

Correlation with SPAR                           60.0%

Forfeiture rate                                 5.0% p.a.

* R etention grants will expire in three equal tranches in February following the three, four and five year anniversaries from the
   allocation date of these instruments. A third of the grants issued in November 2017 have already vested. The total number
   of retention grants remaining for this retention grant is 49 676.
68  AFS 2021

    38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS continued
          38.2 Conditional share plan continued
                   MOVEMENT IN THE NUMBER OF FULL SHARE GRANTS AWARDED IN TERMS OF THE CSP

                                                                                                  GROUP

              Number of shares                                                                    2021         2020

              Balance at beginning of year                                                        1 065 950    1 016 600
              Shares granted during the year                                                        521 800      408 950
              Shares forfeited during the year                                                       (70 472)   (247 440)
              Shares vested during the year (refer to note 26)                                     (221 902)    (112 160)

              Balance at end of year                                                              1 295 376 1 065 950

              Charge to profit or loss for the year                                  Rmillion     27.0         24.3

                                                                        GROUP                     COMPANY

            Rmillion                                                    2021         2020         2021         2020

    39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT                                          (770.9)       723.1    (1 789.8)      (901.8)
                                                                            899.8        999.4        682.2       749.6
            Financial instruments classification                            202.3        362.6        202.3       362.6
            Financial assets held at amortised cost                      5 896.9      5 430.2                  4 144.9
            Net bank balances                                           15 327.9     15 637.9      5 281.7     9 749.1
            Loans and other receivables                                                           10 003.6
            Block discounting loan receivable                               (207.2)      (371.3)                 (371.3)
            Finance lease receivable                                    (13 876.4)   (12 928.8)      (207.2)   (5 621.3)
            Trade and other receivables                                 (18 266.4)   (19 411.4)   (6 080.6)    (9 744.9)
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                               (9 998.9)
            Block discounting loan payable                               (7 649.8)    (7 055.9)                  (115.5)
            Finance lease payable                                                     (1 023.8)        (82.9)
            Trade and other payables
            Borrowings                                                  (50.1) (1 128.4)
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost
            Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss
            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

    The company and group's financial instruments primarily consist of bank balances and overdraft funding from banks,
    trade payables, loans and other receivables, block discounting loans, borrowings, financial liabilities and trade
    receivables. The carrying amount of trade receivables, after accounting for the expected credit losses and bad debts
    written off, approximates fair value.

    Trade receivables represent the estimated future cash to be received in the short term. The book values of the other
    categories of financial instruments approximate fair value.

    In the normal course of its operations the group is, inter alia, exposed to credit, interest, liquidity and currency risk
    on its financial instruments. Executive management meets on a regular basis to analyse these risks and to re-
    evaluate financial management strategies.

    The group does not have any exposure to commodity price movements.

    Currency risk

    The group is subject to translation exposure through the import of merchandise and its investments in foreign
    operations by way of translation risks and currency risks relating to the financial liabilities.

    Foreign currency risks that do not influence the group's cash flows (i.e. the risks resulting from the translation of assets
    and liabilities of foreign operations in the group's reporting currency) are not hedged.

    SOUTHERN AFRICA

    Import of merchandise
    It is the group's policy to cover its material foreign currency exposure in respect of liabilities and purchase commitments.
    Forward exchange contracts have been taken out to hedge this currency risk at year-end. There were no speculative
    positions in foreign currencies.

    Interest rate risk
    The group is exposed to interest rate risk on its cash deposits, loan receivables and loan payables which impacts the
    cash flow arising from these instruments. In the current year, interest paid on bank deposits net of bank overdraft was
    R65.0 million (2020: R70.5 million net interest paid), interest received from loans was R29.2 million (2020: R54.8 million)
    and interest paid on loans was R134.9 million (2020: R110.6 million). The exposure of cash deposits and overdrafts to
    interest rate risk is managed through the group's cash management system which enables the group to maximise
    returns while minimising risk. Loan receivables are funded from the group's cash resources.

    The group is not exposed to interest rate risk on the block discounting loan receivable and payable balances, as the
    loan receivable at the prime interest rate is immediately sold at prime less one to an approved financial institution.
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                          69

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT continued
      Sensitivity analysis

        Changes in market interest rates relating to loan receivables do not have a material impact on the group's profits and
        hence no sensitivity analysis has been presented.

        Net bank balances of R773.9 million (2020: R723.1 million net cash overdraft) expose the group to interest rate risk.
        The sensitivity of these short-term balances are assessed below:

SOUTHERN AFRICA
If interest rates relating to cash balances had been 0.5% higher/lower and all other variables held constant, the group's
profit before tax for the year would (decrease)/increase by:

                                        GROUP

Rmillion                Sensitivity     2021           2020
                        % change
Profit before tax                        (4.8)          (4.1)
Profit before tax                 0.5     4.8            4.1
                                 (0.5)

IRELAND
If interest rates relating to Irish loans had been 0.5% higher/lower and all other variables held constant, the group's
profit before tax for the year would (decrease)/increase by:

                                        GROUP

Rmillion                Sensitivity     2021           2020
                        % change

Profit before taxation  0.5             (17.0)         (16.9)
Profit before taxation
                        (0.5)           17.0           16.9

SWITZERLAND
If interest rates relating to Swiss loans had been 0.5% higher/lower and all other variables held constant, the group's
profit before tax for the year would (decrease)/increase by:

                                        GROUP

Rmillion                Sensitivity     2021           2020
                        % change

Profit before taxation  0.5             (13.1)         (11.6)
Profit before taxation
                        (0.5)           13.1           11.6

POLAND                  Sensitivity     GROUP          2020
                        % change
Rmillion                                       2021     (4.4)
Profit before taxation            0.5           (6.9)    4.4
Profit before taxation           (0.5)           6.9

Credit risk

Trade receivables, lease receivables, short-term investments and loans to retailers represent the significant categories
of the group's financial instruments exposed to credit risk amounting to R17 093.5 million (2020: R17 536.9 million).
Concentration risk is mitigated as the group deals with a broad spread of customers.

TRADE RECEIVABLES CONSIST OF:
Southern Africa: SPAR, Build It and Pharmacy retailer debts
Ireland: Retailer and hospitality customers
Switzerland: SPAR retailers, TopCC and hospitality customers
Poland: SPAR retailer debts

Overdue trade receivables balances, representing 10.8% (2020: 9.4%) of the total trade receivables balance, amounted
to R1 577.1 million (2020: R1 337.4 million) at the reporting date. Expected credit losses totaling R854.4 million (2020:
R 909.7 million) have been raised against overdue balances.
70  AFS 2021

    39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT continued
          Credit risk continued

           IMPAIRMENT OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
            The group has four types of financial assets that are impacted by IFRS 9's expected credit loss model:

            · Trade receivables for sales of inventory

            · Loans provided by The SPAR Group

            · Block discounting loans

            · Cash and cash equivalents

            · Lease receivables

            Expected credit losses on cash and cash equivalents are calculated in terms of the general model for impairment. All
            cash and cash equivalents were determined to be in stage 1 as counterparties have a low risk of default and a strong
            capacity to meet contractual cashflows. There was no significant increase in credit risk relating to the cash and cash
            equivalents. The expected credit losses were therefore limited to 12-month expected losses and the identified
            impairment loss was immaterial.

            The group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected
            loss allowance for all trade receivables making use of a provision matrix.

            To measure the expected credit losses, trade and other receivable balances have been grouped based on shared credit
            risk characteristics and the days past due. The expected credit losses are based on the payment profiles of historical
            sales for customers and associated write-offs. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward looking
            information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of customers to settle the receivables. The group has identified
            the inflation rate, fuel cost, prime rate fluctuations and the unemployment rate to be the most relevant factors and
            accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors. Management considers these
            the most significant factors which effect the business's operations, and their ability to service trade debt as the group's
            customers are independent retailers who heavily rely on the disposal income of end-consumers.

            In calculating the forward looking adjustment to the historical rates. Management have considered the impact
            COVID-19, and the unrest, may have on these macroeconomic factors stated above as well as the provisioning
            provided by the group as a whole. Distribution centres have adopted a robust model in assessing and raising specific
            allowances relating to trade receivables with specific financial issues.

            The credit risk associated with lease receivables are low as these relate to "back to back" sub lease arrangements for
            which SPAR acts as an intermediary between the head lessor and the lessee giving rise to the respective receivable
            and payable. SPAR has assessed the risk associated with these lease receivables as low since SPAR has the right to
            terminate the sub lease in less than one month, step into the lease, run the business and in doing so, service the
            amount due to the head lessor. The historic loss rate on these lease receivables have been insignificant.

            Credit impaired financial assets are defined as financial assets for which there is any level of non-performance in terms
            of contractual arrangements and the group has exposure after taking into consideration the financial assets' security
            held. SPAR assesses the ability of each retailer individually by store to service their debt. SPAR holds close relationships
            with its retailers so that all factors are understood, including macro economic factors which have different effects on
            different stores' consumers.

            Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Debt is considered to be
            irrecoverable if continuous attempts to collect outstanding amounts are unsuccessful, which have been handed over
            to legal for collection or if management has identified a specific financial issue with the customer.

            The loss allowance is calculated using the matrix approach based on the total trade receivables balances; segregated
            for the below:

                                                              GROUP                  COMPANY

    Rmillion                                                  2021        2020       2021        2020

    Total trade receivables and other receivables             16 182.3    16 547.6   10 405.1    10 058.6
    Excluded from assessment                                     (907.1)  (1 221.6)     (552.9)     (784.2)
    Trade receivables with specific financial issues ­ these
    are credit impaired financial assets which have been         (837.2)  (1 051.9)   (622.0)     (507.2)
    specifically identified.                                  14 438.0    14 274.1   9 230.2     8 767.2
    Remaining balance subject to matrix approach

    Amounts excluded from the provisioning matrix assessment include supplier rebates, guild loan balances and bridging
    loans which have been extended to retailers awaiting Wesbank funding. These are considered to have insignificant credit
    risk as the supplier rebates could be credited against payable balances, guilds are in a cash surplus position and
    bridging loans are supported by acknowledgement of debts as well as notarial bonds gives the group the ability to
    recover the full amount.
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                 71

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT continued
      Credit risk continued
       IMPAIRMENT OF FINANCIAL ASSETS continued

        On that basis, the loss allowance as at the 30 September 2021 and 30 September 2020 for trade and other receivables:

                                        GROUP                            COMPANY

                             1­4        5­8      8+                1­4   5­8        8+

Rmillion                     weeks weeks weeks          Total      weeks weeks weeks      Total

30 September 2021                0.4%     0.9%   26.5%             0.3%  0.4%       2.0%
                             11 451.9   1 941.8
Expected loss rate                               1 044.3 14 438.0  7 113.0 1 345.9  771.3 9 230.2
Gross carrying amount ­           47.6     18.3
trade and other receivables                      277.2  343.1      18.8  4.4        14.3  37.5
Loss allowance
excluding VAT                                           511.3                             364.0
Specific allowances
raised

Total loss allowance                                    854.4                             401.5

30 September 2020

Expected loss rate           0.5%         0.8%   59.7%             0.3%  0.3%       4.0%
                                        2 275.8
Gross carrying amount ­                          761.1 14 274.1    6 969.2 1 484.8  313.2 8 767.2
trade and other receivables 11 237.2       14.8

Loss allowance excluding

VAT                          44.3                380.1  439.2      16.3  3.7        10.8  30.8

Specific allowances                                     470.5                             278.7
raised                                                  909.7                             309.5

Total loss allowance

The allowance for doubtful debts represents management's estimate of the extent to which trade receivables at the
reporting date will not be subsequently recovered. This estimate takes into consideration past trends and makes an
assessment of additional risk factors which are likely to impact recoverability such as significant actual or expected
changes in the operating results or business conditions of the retailer. To the extent considered irrecoverable, debts
are written off.

It is a prerequisite for appropriate forms of security to be obtained from retailers to reduce exposure on trade receivable
balances. Trade receivable balances are secured by general and specific notarial bonds over movable assets, deeds of
suretyship, cession and pledge of shares and in some instances, lease options. General notarial bonds constitute the
majority of the security held, which provide the group with a preferential claim over the movable assets. This bond can
be perfected when the retailers account is in arrears. As at 30 September 2021 security to the value of R11 813.9 million
(2020: R10 810.7 million) was held by the group. Ongoing credit evaluations are performed including regular reviews of
security cover held (refer to note 21).

The group selectively assists retail members suffering financial stress in order to ensure the continued operation of
stores, thereby preserving the recoverability of trade receivable balances.

The directors are of the opinion that the credit risk in respect of short term cash investments is low as funds are only
invested with acceptable financial institutions of high credit standing and within specific guidelines laid down by the board
of directors.

LOANS RECEIVABLES AND BLOCK DISCOUNTING LOANS
The group extends loans to retailers in the form of block discounting loans (refer to note 17) and retailer loans (refer to note 18).
These loans are fully secured, and as such the group has not incurred a loss on these balances in the past five years.

The group has adopted the general approach for loans receivable, which involves a three-stage approach to the
recognition of credit losses and interest.

The group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of an asset and whether there has been a
significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is a
significant increase in credit risk, the group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the reporting
date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive
forwarding looking information.

A significant increase in credit risk has not been presumed if a debtor is more than 30 days past due in making a
contractual payment, but has been treated as an indicator for further investigation of credit risk assessment.
72  AFS 2021

    39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT continued

          Credit risk continued
           LOANS RECEIVABLES AND BLOCK DISCOUNTING LOANS continued

            Three categories of loans have been determined which reflect the credit risk profile based on default and timely
            payment history as follows:

    Category         Company definition of category           Basis for recognition of expected credit losses

    Performing       Loans whose credit risk is in line with  12 months expected credit losses. Where the expected
                     original expectations, no defaults or    lifetime of an asset is less than 12 months, expected
                     late payments recorded in previous       losses are measured at its expected lifetime (stage 1).
                     12-month period.

    Underperforming  Loans for which a significant increase   Lifetime expected losses (stage 2).
                     in credit risk has occurred compared
                     to original expectations; a significant
                     increase in credit risk is presumed if
                     interest and/or principal repayments
                     are 30 days past due, which is defined
                     as a late payment but no default.

    Non-performing   Interest and/or principal repayments     Lifetime expected losses (stage 3).
                     are 90 days past due, i.e. three
                     consecutive missed payments or it
                     becomes probable a customer will
                     enter bankruptcy.

    Write-off        Interest and/or principal repayments Asset is written off.
                     are 120 days past due and there is no
                     reasonable expectation of recovery.

    The expected credit losses have been determined using the formula:

    Probability of default (PD) x loss given default (LGD) x exposure at default (EAD)

    PD is considered on initial recognition of an asset and credit risk is assessed throughout each reporting period for
    significant increases. To assess whether a significant increase has occurred, the group will compare the credit risk at
    the reporting date with that of the credit risk at initial recognition, taking into account macroeconomic conditions and
    supportable forward-looking information. These mirror the factors in the trade receivables section above.

    LGD is the loss which is expected to arise at the date of default. The group has securities over the financial assets
    which are preferential to the settlement of any trade debts, management has applied judgement in determining an
    amount which could be recorded as a loss should a default event occur.

    EAD is the outstanding balance at reporting date.

    Over the term of the loans, the group accounts for its credit risk by appropriately providing for expected credit losses
    on a timely basis. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the company considered historical loss rates for each
    category of loans, which includes the leverage ratios of the lender, and adjusts for forward looking macroeconomic
    data. The group provides for credit losses against loans to customers as follows:

                                                              GROUP                                COMPANY

    Rmillion                              Southern            Ireland Switzerland  Poland                      South
                                              Africa                                                           Africa

    Category of expected credit loss and   0.05%               19.0%    0.1%        0.01%           0.05%
    rates                                  1.99%                  38%  61.7%        58.0%           1.99%
                                          12.01%                       97.1%       100.0%          12.01%
    Performing                                                100.0%
    Under performing
    Non-performing

    Gross carrying amounts                881.1                87.8    1 050.8      26.2                       627.0
    Performing                               2.8               65.8          9.0    65.9                          2.8
    Under-performing                         2.7               22.7          4.4   100.8                          2.7
    Non-Performing
                                          886.6               176.3    1 064.2     192.9                       632.5
                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                              73

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT continued
      Credit risk continued

LOANS RECEIVABLES AND BLOCK DISCOUNTING LOANS continued

The loss allowance for loans to customers as at 30 September 2021 and 2020 reconciles to the opening loss allowance
for that provision as follows:

                                       GROUP                                                  COMPANY

                                       Under-               Non-                              Under-     Non-

Rmillion              Performing performing performing Total                   Performing performing performing   Total

Opening loss                    5.8    80.6                 136.1 222.5             0.8          0.1     71.4 72.3
allowance as at
1 October 2020                  5.5    14.5                 (2.1) 17.9                                   4.5 4.5
Change in expected                                                    3.1
credit loss %                   3.1
New financial assets                                        (1.7) (8.5)
Recoveries                      (3.4)  (3.4)                (3.5) (9.7)
Write-offs
Foreign exchange                (5.7)  (0.5)
differences
                                (2.3)  (4.2)                (3.8) (10.3)
Loss allowance as at
30 September 2021               3.0    87.0                 125.0 215.0             0.8          0.1     75.9 76.8

Liquidity risk

The group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities, by
continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.
Concentrations of risk are assessed by considering financial instruments with similar maturity profiles and those which are
payable in foreign currencies. This risk has been managed by committing banking facilities sufficient to allow all current liabilities
to be settled as these fall due.

The group has the following overdraft/call facilities at its disposal:

                           SOUTHERN AFRICA                  IRELAND                 SWITZERLAND          POLAND

Rmillion                        2021      2020              2021        2020        2021      2020       2021     2020

Unsecured bank overdraft   1 735.9       791.3              207.6        83.9       375.8 417.7          350.5    370.1
facilities, reviewed       2 529.1     3 510.7              435.4       639.3       375.8 417.7             0.6    22.9
annually, and at call:                 4 302.0
­ Utilised as at year-end
­ Unutilised

Total available            4 265.0                          643.0 723.2                                  351.1 393.0
overdraft/call and
borrowing facilities

Maturity analysis of group financial liabilities:

                                                                                    GROUP

Rmillion                                                         Less      2021        More     Less     2020
                                                                 than                   than    than
Trade payables                                                 1 year   Between     5 years   1 year     Between More
Block discounting loans                                                     2 and                            2 and than
Borrowings                                                  13 703.8
Financial liabilities relating to Non-controlling interest      114.4     5 years                          5 years 5 years
Finance lease payable                                           393.4
Financial guarantees (note 34)                                                93.0  1 749.9   14 878.0     226.2  2 144.6
                                                             2 454.9      4 959.5   6 194.7       167.8  4 016.4  4 333.6
                                                                663.5                             362.8
                                                                              55.9                         160.7
                                                                          8 116.5              2 102.5   7 990.7
                                                                                               2 399.9

                                                                                                  426.5

                                                                                    COMPANY

Rmillion                                                      Less         2021        More     Less     2020
                                                              than                      than    than
                                                            1 year      Between     5 years   1 year     Between More
                                                                            2 and                            2 and than

                                                                          5 years                          5 years 5 years

Trade payables                                              7 442.9         93.0    2 280.6   7 584.5      226.2
Block discounting loans                                       114.4         36.8                167.8        85.9
Borrowings                                                      46.6    4 434.6                   36.9
Finance lease payable                                                                                    3 263.1 2 904.73
Financial guarantees (note 34)                              1 302.2                           1 158.4
                                                            6 703.1                           5 171.3

Financial guarantees disclosed in less than 1 year represent the maximum total exposure to the group. Refer to
note 34 for further detail.
74  AFS 2021

    39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT continued
          Liquidity risk continued

            The majority of the trade payables at year-end will be paid within 30 days of year-end from available facilities or cash
            received from trade debtors.

            The group has long-term borrowings giving rise to cash payment obligations. The company has unlimited borrowing
            powers in terms of the Memorandum of Incorporation. For further disclosures, refer to note 29.

            The group intends to settle the financial liabilities relating to purchase obligations for non controlling interest (NCI)
            using banking facilities in the relevant countries.

            Refer to note 34 for the group's exposure relating to financial guarantees.

    Fair value hierarchy

    The group's financial instruments carried at fair value are classified into three categories, defined as follows:

    Level 1 financial instruments are those that are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
    financial instruments.

    Level 2 financial instruments are those valued using techniques primarily based on observable market data.
    Instruments in this category are valued using quoted prices for similar instruments or identical instruments in markets
    which are not considered to be active; or valuation techniques where all the inputs that have a significant effect on the
    valuation are directly or indirectly based on observable market data. Financial instruments classified as level 2 mainly
    comprise other equity investments.

    Level 3 financial instruments are those valued using techniques that incorporate information other than observable
    market data. Instruments in this category have been valued using a valuation technique where at least one input,
    which could have a significant effect on the instrument's valuation, is not based on observable market data.

    The following financial instruments are carried at fair value and are further categorised into the appropriate fair
    value hierarchy:

                                                                           Fair value

    Rmillion                                                    Carrying   Level 1  Level 2  Level 3
                                                                    value

    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS                                       (50.1)                       (50.1)
    2021
    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss  (50.1)     ­           ­     (50.1)

    Total

    2020                                                        (1 128.4)                    (1 128.4)
    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

    Total                                                       (1 128.4)  ­           ­     (1 128.4)
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                        75

39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT continued
      Fair value hierarchy continued

LEVEL 3 SENSITIVITY INFORMATION

The fair value of the level 3 financial liabilities of R50.1 million (2020: R1 128.4 million) was estimated by applying an
income approach valuation method including a present value discount technique. The fair value measurement is based
on significant inputs that are not observable in the market. Key inputs used in the valuation include the assumed future
profit targets and the discount rates applied. The assumed profitability was based on historical performances but
adjusted for expected growth. The S Buys financial liability is based on a minimum profit value. A change in fair value
would only result if profits increased between 60% and 65%.

The following tables show how the fair value of the level 3 financial liability would change in relation to a change in the
discount rate of 0.5%:

                                         Discount     Sensitivity  Liability
                                                rate  % change     Rmillion
                                                   %

S Buys Holdings (Pty) Ltd                8.8          0.5          (0.3)
2021
Financial liability                      8.8          (0.5)        0.3
Financial liability

2020                                     6.5          0.5          (0.6)
Financial liability
Financial liability                      6.5          (0.5)        0.6

The following tables show how the fair value of the level 3 financial liability would change in relation to changes in the
estimated future profit targets by 5.0%:

                                                      Sensitivity  Liability
                                                      % change     Rmillion

S Buys Holdings (Pty) Ltd                             5.0          ­
2021
Financial liability                                   (5.0)        ­
Financial liability

2020                                                  5.0          ­
Financial liability
                                                      (5.0)        ­
Financial liability

Capital risk management

The group manages its capital to ensure that it will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return
to stakeholders.

The group's overall capital management strategy remained unchanged in 2021. The strategy entails a philosophy of tight
risk management and minimum use of derivative instruments.

The capital structure of the group consists of equity attributable to shareholders comprising issued capital, reserves and
retained earnings as disclosed in notes 25 and 38 respectively and borrowings as disclosed in note 29.

Treasury shares (refer to note 26) are held from time to time for the purpose of settling option holder obligations and these
are only acquired on approval from shareholders and where the market presents value in their acquisition.

The strong cash inflow generated by group operations is utilised to fund distribution centre expansions and other capital
expenditure, and to settle dividends declared, taxation and trade payable obligations.
76  AFS 2021

    40. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE

            The directors are not aware of any matters or circumstances arising since the end of the financial year which have or
            may materially affect the financial position of the group or the results of its operations.

    41. COVID-19 PANDEMIC AND CIVIL UNREST

            From March last year, all of our markets were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent lockdown
            measures to curb the spread of the virus.

            The group was swift to take the necessary proactive measures and implement effective protocols to safeguard our
            key priorities: the safety of our people, retailers, suppliers and consumers; managing the supply chain and keeping
            our retailers' shelves replenished; and supporting our communities.

            The civil unrest in the current year significantly affected our operations in Gauteng and predominantly Kwa-Zulu Natal.
            Of the 184 stores that were initially affected, we have since reopened 131 stores.

            The group continues to work closely with the affected retailers in an effort to open the remaining stores as soon
            as possible.

            At the wholesale level, the group is adequately covered for asset damage, stock and business interruption. The estimated
            wholesale turnover loss for the period is R638.4 million. Management are currently in the process of finalising claims
            with insurers.

            The below areas were specifically considered in light of the pandemic and civil unrest when preparing these
            financial results:

           Financial instruments ­ IFRS 9 Expected credit loss
            Management has considered the impact on macroeconomic factors in calculating the forward looking adjustment to
            the historical rates. In assessing the specific allowances for trade receivables, management also considered the
            heightened economic and business risks on collection, arising from the pandemic and unrest in South Africa.

            Management has adopted a robust model to determine necessary allowance against receivables due ensuring that a
            conservative approach is taken during these times of uncertainty.

           Goodwill ­ Impairment considerations
            Assumptions, forecasts and growth rates used in impairment testing were of a conservative nature as uncertainty
            remains over the current and future economic outlook, both locally and internationally.

           Financial Guarantees
            Management has reviewed the projections provided by subsidiaries and affiliates to which guarantees have been
            provided and ensured that there will be sufficient cash resources to service the underlying debt obligations as and
            when they fall due.

           Insurance proceeds
            Income has been recognised for compensation of business interruption as a receivable only when we have an
            unconditional right to receive the compensation.
                                                     ABBREVIATIONS AND DEFINITIONS                    77

ABBREVIATIONS
AND DEFINITIONS

AGM                                                  JSE Listings Requirements
Annual general meeting                               Listings Requirements of the JSE Limited

B.V. BIGS                                            Leases
The Buying International Group SPAR                  Lease liabilities and lease assets

Company                                              OCI
The SPAR Group Limited                               Other comprehensive income

CEO                                                  p.a
Chief Executive Officer                              Per annum

CFO                                                  PiP
Chief Financial Officer                              The Piotr i Pawel Group

CGU                                                  P/L
Cash-generating unit                                 Profit or loss

CODM                                                 PPE
Chief Operating Decision Maker                       Property, plant and equipment

CSP                                                  ROU
Conditional Share Plan                               Right-of-use

Companies Act                                        SAICA
Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008 (as amended)           South African Institute of Charted Accountants

ERBD                                                 SARON
European Bank for Reconstructured development        Swiss Average Rate Overnight

ETI                                                  SGB
Employee tax incentive                               Spóldzielcza Grupa Bankowa

EURIBOR                                              SPAR or the group
Euro Interbank Offered Rate                          The SPAR Group Ltd, all of its subsidiaries,
                                                     joint operations and equity-accounted investees
ESP
Employee Share Plan                                  the board
                                                     The board of directors of The SPAR Group Ltd
FV
Fair value                                           the current year
                                                     The financial year ended 30 September 2021
GRH
Group Risk Holdings (Pty) Ltd                        the next year
                                                     The financial year ending 30 September 2022
Group companies
Subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of SPAR  the previous year
                                                     The financial year ended 30 September 2020
Guild
The SPAR and Build it Guilds of Southern Africa      The Share Trust
                                                     The SPAR Group Ltd Employee Share Trust (2004)
HEPS
Headline earnings per share                          WACC
                                                     Weighted average cost of capital
IFRS
International Financial Reporting Standards          WIBOR
                                                     Warsaw Interbank offer rate
JSE
JSE Limited
78  AFS 2021

    CORPORATE
    INFORMATION

    DIRECTORS: GO O'Connor* (Chairman), BW Botten             Transfer secretaries
    (Chief Executive Officer), MW Godfrey, LM Koyana*,        Link Market Services South Africa (Pty) Ltd
    M Mashologu*, HK Mehta*, P Mnganga*, AG Waller*,          PO Box 4844
    JA Canny*                                                 Johannesburg
                                                              2000
    * Non-executive.
                                                              Auditors
    CHANGES TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS                         PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc.
    MJ Hankinson retired as an independent non-executive      PO Box 1274
    director and Chairman of the Board with effect from       Umhlanga Rocks
    1 March 2021.                                             4320

    Mr GO O'Connor retired as the CEO with effect from        Sponsor
    1 March 2021 and was appointed as an independent non-     One Capital
    executive director and Chairman of the Board effective    PO Box 784573
    1 March 2021. Ms JA Canny was appointed as an             Sandton
    independent non-executive director effective 1 May 2021.  2146
    AG Waller was appointed as the lead independent on the
    1 March 2021.                                             Bankers
                                                              Rand Merchant Bank, a division of FirstRand Bank Ltd
    Acting Company Secretary: KJ O'Brien appointed            PO Box 4130
    25 March 2021                                             The Square
                                                              Umhlanga Rocks
    THE SPAR GROUP LTD (SPAR) or (the company) or             4021
    (the group)
                                                              Attorneys
    Registration number: 1967/001572/06                       Garlicke & Bousfield
                                                              PO Box 1219
    ISIN: ZAE 000058517                                       Umhlanga Rocks
                                                              4320
    JSE share code: SPP
                                                              Website
    Registered office                                         www.thespargroup.com
    22 Chancery Lane
    PO Box 1589
    Pinetown
    3600
GREYMATTERFINCH # 15614
WWW.THESPARGROUP.COM
